" Were going to get right to our lead guest former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who is in Chappaqua New York this morning." Good morning Secretary Clinton I want to start with politics Were going to talk about a lot today but lets start with politics A new NBC/"Wall Street Journal"/Marist poll says in Iowa its 48-45 you over Sanders You were once way ahead So whats happening? Oh John you know these polls
" Were going to get right to our lead guest former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who is in Chappaqua New York this morning." Good morning Secretary Clinton I want to start with politics Were going to talk about a lot today but lets start with politics A new NBC/"Wall Street Journal"/Marist poll says in Iowa its 48-45 you over Sanders You were once way ahead So whats happening? Oh John you know these polls
to get right to our lead guest former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton who is in Chappaqua New York this morning." Good morning Secretary Clinton I want to start with politics Were going to talk about a lot today but lets start with politics A new NBC/"Wall Street Journal"/Marist poll says in Iowa its 48-45 you over Sanders You were once way ahead So whats happening? Oh John you know these polls go up they
is in Chappaqua New York this morning." Good morning Secretary Clinton I want to start with politics Were going to talk about a lot today but lets start with politics A new NBC/"Wall Street Journal"/Marist poll says in Iowa its 48-45 you over Sanders You were once way ahead So whats happening? Oh John you know these polls go up they go down "I stay pretty focused as I think we all should on
Secretary Clinton I want to start with politics Were going to talk about a lot today but lets start with politics A new NBC/"Wall Street Journal"/Marist poll says in Iowa its 48-45 you over Sanders You were once way ahead So whats happening? Oh John you know these polls go up they go down "I stay pretty focused as I think we all should on what we have to do to build on the progress
to talk about a lot today but lets start with politics A new NBC/"Wall Street Journal"/Marist poll says in Iowa its 48-45 you over Sanders You were once way ahead So whats happening? Oh John you know these polls go up they go down "I stay pretty focused as I think we all should on what we have to do to build on the progress of the Obama administration but go even further And
48-45 you over Sanders You were once way ahead So whats happening? Oh John you know these polls go up they go down "I stay pretty focused as I think we all should on what we have to do to build on the progress of the Obama administration but go even further And thats why I have outlined a very significant agenda to raise wages and to take on the gun lobby and to be
progress of the Obama administration but go even further And thats why I have outlined a very significant agenda to raise wages and to take on the gun lobby and to be making America safe in every way that I can." And those are some of the differences that I have with my primary opponents and certainly very deep differences with all the Republicans running This week another batch of your e-mails were released
safe in every way that I can." And those are some of the differences that I have with my primary opponents and certainly very deep differences with all the Republicans running This week another batch of your e-mails were released by the State Department One of them is a back-and-forth between you and a staffer about a secure fax that wont come through And you directed him to -- quote -- "turn into non-paper with
have with my primary opponents and certainly very deep differences with all the Republicans running This week another batch of your e-mails were released by the State Department One of them is a back-and-forth between you and a staffer about a secure fax that wont come through And you directed him to -- quote -- "turn into non-paper with no identifying heading and send nonsecure." "Arent you ordering him to violate the laws on handling
Department One of them is a back-and-forth between you and a staffer about a secure fax that wont come through And you directed him to -- quote -- "turn into non-paper with no identifying heading and send nonsecure." "Arent you ordering him to violate the laws on handling classified material there?" No not at all "And as the State Department said just this week that did not happen And it never would have happened because
to -- quote -- "turn into non-paper with no identifying heading and send nonsecure." "Arent you ordering him to violate the laws on handling classified material there?" No not at all "And as the State Department said just this week that did not happen And it never would have happened because thats just not the way I treated classified information Headings are not classification notices And so oftentimes were trying to get the best information
you ordering him to violate the laws on handling classified material there?" No not at all "And as the State Department said just this week that did not happen And it never would have happened because thats just not the way I treated classified information Headings are not classification notices And so oftentimes were trying to get the best information we can." "And obviously what Im asking for is whatever can be transmitted if
material there?" No not at all "And as the State Department said just this week that did not happen And it never would have happened because thats just not the way I treated classified information Headings are not classification notices And so oftentimes were trying to get the best information we can." "And obviously what Im asking for is whatever can be transmitted if it doesnt come through secure to be transmitted on the unclassified
never would have happened because thats just not the way I treated classified information Headings are not classification notices And so oftentimes were trying to get the best information we can." "And obviously what Im asking for is whatever can be transmitted if it doesnt come through secure to be transmitted on the unclassified system So no there is nothing to that like so much else that has been talked about in the last
transmitted if it doesnt come through secure to be transmitted on the unclassified system So no there is nothing to that like so much else that has been talked about in the last year." So in no instance -- what is striking about that particular e-mail is it suggests you were very facile with how to do this this process You knew the instructions about how to get around the restrictions for sending classified
in the last year." So in no instance -- what is striking about that particular e-mail is it suggests you were very facile with how to do this this process You knew the instructions about how to get around the restrictions for sending classified information "So youre saying there was never an instance any other instance in which you did that?" " No And it wasnt sent So I think this is another instance where
it suggests you were very facile with how to do this this process You knew the instructions about how to get around the restrictions for sending classified information "So youre saying there was never an instance any other instance in which you did that?" " No And it wasnt sent So I think this is another instance where what is common practice -- namely look I need information I had some points I had
this process You knew the instructions about how to get around the restrictions for sending classified information "So youre saying there was never an instance any other instance in which you did that?" " No And it wasnt sent So I think this is another instance where what is common practice -- namely look I need information I had some points I had to make And I was looking for a secure fax that
the restrictions for sending classified information "So youre saying there was never an instance any other instance in which you did that?" " No And it wasnt sent So I think this is another instance where what is common practice -- namely look I need information I had some points I had to make And I was looking for a secure fax that could give me the whole picture." "But oftentimes theres a lot
instance any other instance in which you did that?" " No And it wasnt sent So I think this is another instance where what is common practice -- namely look I need information I had some points I had to make And I was looking for a secure fax that could give me the whole picture." "But oftentimes theres a lot of information that isnt at all classified So whatever information can appropriately transmitted
think this is another instance where what is common practice -- namely look I need information I had some points I had to make And I was looking for a secure fax that could give me the whole picture." "But oftentimes theres a lot of information that isnt at all classified So whatever information can appropriately transmitted unclassified often was Thats true for every agency in the government and who everybody does business with the
some points I had to make And I was looking for a secure fax that could give me the whole picture." "But oftentimes theres a lot of information that isnt at all classified So whatever information can appropriately transmitted unclassified often was Thats true for every agency in the government and who everybody does business with the government." "But the important point here is I had great confidence because I had worked with Jake Sullivan
oftentimes theres a lot of information that isnt at all classified So whatever information can appropriately transmitted unclassified often was Thats true for every agency in the government and who everybody does business with the government." "But the important point here is I had great confidence because I had worked with Jake Sullivan for years He is the most meticulous careful person you could possibly do business with And he knew exactly what was and
agency in the government and who everybody does business with the government." "But the important point here is I had great confidence because I had worked with Jake Sullivan for years He is the most meticulous careful person you could possibly do business with And he knew exactly what was and wasnt appropriate." "And in fact as the State Department has said there was no transmission of any classified information So its another effort by
great confidence because I had worked with Jake Sullivan for years He is the most meticulous careful person you could possibly do business with And he knew exactly what was and wasnt appropriate." "And in fact as the State Department has said there was no transmission of any classified information So its another effort by people looking for something to throw against the wall as you said in the beginning of the program to
knew exactly what was and wasnt appropriate." "And in fact as the State Department has said there was no transmission of any classified information So its another effort by people looking for something to throw against the wall as you said in the beginning of the program to see what sticks But theres no there there." Well this one is a little different since the FBI is investigating this specific question of whether a classification
effort by people looking for something to throw against the wall as you said in the beginning of the program to see what sticks But theres no there there." Well this one is a little different since the FBI is investigating this specific question of whether a classification was meddled with Let me ask you about another e-mail in this batch which was one in which you seemed to express surprise that somebody e-mailed on
one is a little different since the FBI is investigating this specific question of whether a classification was meddled with Let me ask you about another e-mail in this batch which was one in which you seemed to express surprise that somebody e-mailed on their non-State Department personal e-mail which is what you were doing Why was that a surprise to you? Well I e-mailed two people on their government accounts because I knew that
in which you seemed to express surprise that somebody e-mailed on their non-State Department personal e-mail which is what you were doing Why was that a surprise to you? Well I e-mailed two people on their government accounts because I knew that all of that would be part of the government system "And indeed the vast majority of all my e-mails are in the government system So thats how I conducted the business I
Why was that a surprise to you? Well I e-mailed two people on their government accounts because I knew that all of that would be part of the government system "And indeed the vast majority of all my e-mails are in the government system So thats how I conducted the business I was very clear about e-mailing anything having to do with business to people on their government accounts." On gun control this week
two people on their government accounts because I knew that all of that would be part of the government system "And indeed the vast majority of all my e-mails are in the government system So thats how I conducted the business I was very clear about e-mailing anything having to do with business to people on their government accounts." On gun control this week you have been pretty tough on Bernie Sanders specifically on the
majority of all my e-mails are in the government system So thats how I conducted the business I was very clear about e-mailing anything having to do with business to people on their government accounts." On gun control this week you have been pretty tough on Bernie Sanders specifically on the question of legal protection to gun manufacturers "He has now said that he would be interested in looking to changing the law to allow
accounts." On gun control this week you have been pretty tough on Bernie Sanders specifically on the question of legal protection to gun manufacturers "He has now said that he would be interested in looking to changing the law to allow -- to go after gun manufacturers who act irresponsibly So isnt that what you want?" " No thats not what I want And thats not what the country wants And thats not what
legal protection to gun manufacturers "He has now said that he would be interested in looking to changing the law to allow -- to go after gun manufacturers who act irresponsibly So isnt that what you want?" " No thats not what I want And thats not what the country wants And thats not what President Obama called for And I think he has been consistently refusing to say that he would vote to repeal
he would be interested in looking to changing the law to allow -- to go after gun manufacturers who act irresponsibly So isnt that what you want?" " No thats not what I want And thats not what the country wants And thats not what President Obama called for And I think he has been consistently refusing to say that he would vote to repeal this absolute immunity from any kind of responsibility or liability."
the law to allow -- to go after gun manufacturers who act irresponsibly So isnt that what you want?" " No thats not what I want And thats not what the country wants And thats not what President Obama called for And I think he has been consistently refusing to say that he would vote to repeal this absolute immunity from any kind of responsibility or liability." "Its the only industry in our country
country wants And thats not what President Obama called for And I think he has been consistently refusing to say that he would vote to repeal this absolute immunity from any kind of responsibility or liability." "Its the only industry in our country where we have given that kind of carte blanche to do whatever you want to do with no fear of legal consequences You know President Obama and I and Senator Sanders were
the only industry in our country where we have given that kind of carte blanche to do whatever you want to do with no fear of legal consequences You know President Obama and I and Senator Sanders were all in the Senate at the same time Two of us voted against what the NRA says was the most important piece of legislation in 20 years for the gun lobby Senator Sanders voted with them
to do with no fear of legal consequences You know President Obama and I and Senator Sanders were all in the Senate at the same time Two of us voted against what the NRA says was the most important piece of legislation in 20 years for the gun lobby Senator Sanders voted with them and through this morning has been unwilling to join the president and me in saying that this should be repealed That
same time Two of us voted against what the NRA says was the most important piece of legislation in 20 years for the gun lobby Senator Sanders voted with them and through this morning has been unwilling to join the president and me in saying that this should be repealed That has to be the effort that we all are behind And he often says well look Im from Vermont and its different Its not
in 20 years for the gun lobby Senator Sanders voted with them and through this morning has been unwilling to join the president and me in saying that this should be repealed That has to be the effort that we all are behind And he often says well look Im from Vermont and its different Its not like being in New York City." Well in fact the other senator from Vermont Senator Leahy voted with
and through this morning has been unwilling to join the president and me in saying that this should be repealed That has to be the effort that we all are behind And he often says well look Im from Vermont and its different Its not like being in New York City." Well in fact the other senator from Vermont Senator Leahy voted with President Obama and myself So I think that the excuses and
be repealed That has to be the effort that we all are behind And he often says well look Im from Vermont and its different Its not like being in New York City." Well in fact the other senator from Vermont Senator Leahy voted with President Obama and myself So I think that the excuses and efforts by Senator Sanders to avoid responsibility for this vote which the NRA hailed as the most important
being in New York City." Well in fact the other senator from Vermont Senator Leahy voted with President Obama and myself So I think that the excuses and efforts by Senator Sanders to avoid responsibility for this vote which the NRA hailed as the most important in 20 years points up a clear difference "And its a difference that Democratic voters in our primary can take into account Who is going to really stand up
that the excuses and efforts by Senator Sanders to avoid responsibility for this vote which the NRA hailed as the most important in 20 years points up a clear difference "And its a difference that Democratic voters in our primary can take into account Who is going to really stand up to the gun lobby try to deal with the scourge of gun violence that takes 90 peoples lives a day? Im pretty clear
years points up a clear difference "And its a difference that Democratic voters in our primary can take into account Who is going to really stand up to the gun lobby try to deal with the scourge of gun violence that takes 90 peoples lives a day? Im pretty clear on what I will do And I support and will work hard to implement what the president has been advocating." " On Senator Sanders response
of gun violence that takes 90 peoples lives a day? Im pretty clear on what I will do And I support and will work hard to implement what the president has been advocating." " On Senator Sanders response this idea that he represents a state which there are lot of gun owners you were a senator You -- arent you sympathetic to that? You said you represented Wall Street and thats what shaped your
been advocating." " On Senator Sanders response this idea that he represents a state which there are lot of gun owners you were a senator You -- arent you sympathetic to that? You said you represented Wall Street and thats what shaped your views on certain Wall Street policy And you have suggested that as president you would be different than you did as senator when you were representing a state with a constituency."
You -- arent you sympathetic to that? You said you represented Wall Street and thats what shaped your views on certain Wall Street policy And you have suggested that as president you would be different than you did as senator when you were representing a state with a constituency." Well.. " So why isnt it fair for Bernie Sanders to say as president I would be different than I would as a senator representing
you did as senator when you were representing a state with a constituency." Well.. " So why isnt it fair for Bernie Sanders to say as president I would be different than I would as a senator representing a state with a lot of gun owners?" Well you know I think you have really mixed up two important issues here I have been consistent on gun lobby restrictions In fact I supported the Brady
I would be different than I would as a senator representing a state with a lot of gun owners?" Well you know I think you have really mixed up two important issues here I have been consistent on gun lobby restrictions In fact I supported the Brady Bill Senator Sanders voted against it five times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York
as a senator representing a state with a lot of gun owners?" Well you know I think you have really mixed up two important issues here I have been consistent on gun lobby restrictions In fact I supported the Brady Bill Senator Sanders voted against it five times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York And I was proud to do so And
a lot of gun owners?" Well you know I think you have really mixed up two important issues here I have been consistent on gun lobby restrictions In fact I supported the Brady Bill Senator Sanders voted against it five times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York And I was proud to do so And I took on Wall Street Im the
know I think you have really mixed up two important issues here I have been consistent on gun lobby restrictions In fact I supported the Brady Bill Senator Sanders voted against it five times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York And I was proud to do so And I took on Wall Street Im the person who came out against derivatives Im
issues here I have been consistent on gun lobby restrictions In fact I supported the Brady Bill Senator Sanders voted against it five times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York And I was proud to do so And I took on Wall Street Im the person who came out against derivatives Im the person who came out calling for restrictions on
restrictions In fact I supported the Brady Bill Senator Sanders voted against it five times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York And I was proud to do so And I took on Wall Street Im the person who came out against derivatives Im the person who came out calling for restrictions on CEO pay which thankfully got into the Dodd- Frank bill."
Bill Senator Sanders voted against it five times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York And I was proud to do so And I took on Wall Street Im the person who came out against derivatives Im the person who came out calling for restrictions on CEO pay which thankfully got into the Dodd- Frank bill." "Im the person who went to
times So there is a very clear difference "And when it comes to Wall Street yes I represented New York And I was proud to do so And I took on Wall Street Im the person who came out against derivatives Im the person who came out calling for restrictions on CEO pay which thankfully got into the Dodd- Frank bill." "Im the person who went to Wall Street and actually confronted them in
I was proud to do so And I took on Wall Street Im the person who came out against derivatives Im the person who came out calling for restrictions on CEO pay which thankfully got into the Dodd- Frank bill." "Im the person who went to Wall Street and actually confronted them in 2007 I called them out on the role they were playing in the mortgage market So I do have a history
came out calling for restrictions on CEO pay which thankfully got into the Dodd- Frank bill." "Im the person who went to Wall Street and actually confronted them in 2007 I called them out on the role they were playing in the mortgage market So I do have a history of taking on what I consider to be the abuses that come from any industry including Wall Street." And I will continue to do
Street and actually confronted them in 2007 I called them out on the role they were playing in the mortgage market So I do have a history of taking on what I consider to be the abuses that come from any industry including Wall Street." And I will continue to do so as president And the proposal that I have put forth about how we rein in the excesses of Wall Street so we never
will continue to do so as president And the proposal that I have put forth about how we rein in the excesses of Wall Street so we never again face what we did in 2008 has been judged as being more comprehensive tougher more effective by Barney Frank by Sherrod Brown my friend from Ohio who leads the banking efforts in the Senate and by Paul Krugman So I have plan that will go
Frank by Sherrod Brown my friend from Ohio who leads the banking efforts in the Senate and by Paul Krugman So I have plan that will go after not just the big banks because Dodd-Frank has given us the tools to do a lot of that but to go after the so-called shadow banking industry Right " And I think Im well-prepared I know what needs to be done Its kind of like Nixon going
Paul Krugman So I have plan that will go after not just the big banks because Dodd-Frank has given us the tools to do a lot of that but to go after the so-called shadow banking industry Right " And I think Im well-prepared I know what needs to be done Its kind of like Nixon going to China John." All right Senator let me ask you about a general election opponent you may face
have plan that will go after not just the big banks because Dodd-Frank has given us the tools to do a lot of that but to go after the so-called shadow banking industry Right " And I think Im well-prepared I know what needs to be done Its kind of like Nixon going to China John." All right Senator let me ask you about a general election opponent you may face That is Donald
not just the big banks because Dodd-Frank has given us the tools to do a lot of that but to go after the so-called shadow banking industry Right " And I think Im well-prepared I know what needs to be done Its kind of like Nixon going to China John." All right Senator let me ask you about a general election opponent you may face That is Donald Trump You got into a pretty ugly
of that but to go after the so-called shadow banking industry Right " And I think Im well-prepared I know what needs to be done Its kind of like Nixon going to China John." All right Senator let me ask you about a general election opponent you may face That is Donald Trump You got into a pretty ugly exchange You charged that he -- you charged him with sexism and then he put
I think Im well-prepared I know what needs to be done Its kind of like Nixon going to China John." All right Senator let me ask you about a general election opponent you may face That is Donald Trump You got into a pretty ugly exchange You charged that he -- you charged him with sexism and then he put out an Instagram video of your husband and Monica Lewinsky Your reaction to that?
know what needs to be done Its kind of like Nixon going to China John." All right Senator let me ask you about a general election opponent you may face That is Donald Trump You got into a pretty ugly exchange You charged that he -- you charged him with sexism and then he put out an Instagram video of your husband and Monica Lewinsky Your reaction to that? " Well if he wants to
right Senator let me ask you about a general election opponent you may face That is Donald Trump You got into a pretty ugly exchange You charged that he -- you charged him with sexism and then he put out an Instagram video of your husband and Monica Lewinsky Your reaction to that? " Well if he wants to engage in personal attacks from the past thats his prerogative You know so be it."
pretty ugly exchange You charged that he -- you charged him with sexism and then he put out an Instagram video of your husband and Monica Lewinsky Your reaction to that? " Well if he wants to engage in personal attacks from the past thats his prerogative You know so be it." "Im going to draw the distinctions between where I stand and where he stands when it comes to equal pay for women
where he stands when it comes to equal pay for women raising the minimum wage which affects two-thirds of the women who are the ones receiving the minimum wage protecting a womans right to make the most personal health care decisions." "Thats why Im so proud to have the endorsement of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund that I received today in New Hampshire because Im going to fight as hard as I can against
I received today in New Hampshire because Im going to fight as hard as I can against any efforts to defund Planned Parenthood something that he supports." "So there are very clear distinctions He can say whatever he wants to about me Let the voters judge that But I am not going to let him or any of the other Republicans rip away the progress that women have made Its been too hard-fought-for And Im
Im going to fight as hard as I can against any efforts to defund Planned Parenthood something that he supports." "So there are very clear distinctions He can say whatever he wants to about me Let the voters judge that But I am not going to let him or any of the other Republicans rip away the progress that women have made Its been too hard-fought-for And Im going to stand up and make it
Planned Parenthood something that he supports." "So there are very clear distinctions He can say whatever he wants to about me Let the voters judge that But I am not going to let him or any of the other Republicans rip away the progress that women have made Its been too hard-fought-for And Im going to stand up and make it clear theres a huge difference between us." " Secretary Clinton what do you
can say whatever he wants to about me Let the voters judge that But I am not going to let him or any of the other Republicans rip away the progress that women have made Its been too hard-fought-for And Im going to stand up and make it clear theres a huge difference between us." " Secretary Clinton what do you say though to those even in your own party who say that --
Its been too hard-fought-for And Im going to stand up and make it clear theres a huge difference between us." " Secretary Clinton what do you say though to those even in your own party who say that -- a discussion of that portion of your husbands career is fair game to talk about in an election?" " Well its been fair game going back to the Republicans for some years They can do it
-- a discussion of that portion of your husbands career is fair game to talk about in an election?" " Well its been fair game going back to the Republicans for some years They can do it again if they want to That can be their choice as to how to run in this campaign Didnt work before It wont work again because it is what people are focused on not for the past but
fair game to talk about in an election?" " Well its been fair game going back to the Republicans for some years They can do it again if they want to That can be their choice as to how to run in this campaign Didnt work before It wont work again because it is what people are focused on not for the past but for the future." "What are we going to do to get
" Well its been fair game going back to the Republicans for some years They can do it again if they want to That can be their choice as to how to run in this campaign Didnt work before It wont work again because it is what people are focused on not for the past but for the future." "What are we going to do to get wages rising? What are we going to do
what people are focused on not for the past but for the future." "What are we going to do to get wages rising? What are we going to do to create more good jobs? What are we going to do keep rights? What are we going to do to make sure that the Supreme Court has people on it who will defend womens rights who will defend marriage equality who will defend voter rights?"
do to make sure that the Supreme Court has people on it who will defend womens rights who will defend marriage equality who will defend voter rights?" "So I cant run anybody elses campaign They can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care
the Supreme Court has people on it who will defend womens rights who will defend marriage equality who will defend voter rights?" "So I cant run anybody elses campaign They can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care about " " Secretary Clinton
defend womens rights who will defend marriage equality who will defend voter rights?" "So I cant run anybody elses campaign They can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care about " " Secretary Clinton Im afraid were at a dead end ourselves and
cant run anybody elses campaign They can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care about " " Secretary Clinton Im afraid were at a dead end ourselves and out of time " Thanks so much for being with us " Thanks Lets continue the
can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care about " " Secretary Clinton Im afraid were at a dead end ourselves and out of time " Thanks so much for being with us " Thanks Lets continue the conversation John." See you out there
can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care about " " Secretary Clinton Im afraid were at a dead end ourselves and out of time " Thanks so much for being with us " Thanks Lets continue the conversation John." See you out there
can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care about " " Secretary Clinton Im afraid were at a dead end ourselves and out of time " Thanks so much for being with us " Thanks Lets continue the conversation John." See you out there
can say whatever they want More power to them I think its a dead end blind alley for them but let them go Im going to talk about the differences between us because I think thats what Americans care about " " Secretary Clinton Im afraid were at a dead end ourselves and out of time " Thanks so much for being with us " Thanks Lets continue the conversation John." See you out there
