Thank you all very very much! Thank you for that amazing welcome! "Thank you all for the great convention that weve had." "And Chelsea thank you I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman youve become Thank you for bringing Mark into our family and Charlotte and Aidan into the world." And Bill that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago .. it is still going
Thank you all very very much! Thank you for that amazing welcome! "Thank you all for the great convention that weve had." "And Chelsea thank you I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman youve become Thank you for bringing Mark into our family and Charlotte and Aidan into the world." And Bill that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago .. it is still going
that weve had." "And Chelsea thank you I am so proud to be your mother and so proud of the woman youve become Thank you for bringing Mark into our family and Charlotte and Aidan into the world." And Bill that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago .. it is still going strong "You know that conversation has lasted through good times that filled us with joy and hard times that
proud of the woman youve become Thank you for bringing Mark into our family and Charlotte and Aidan into the world." And Bill that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago .. it is still going strong "You know that conversation has lasted through good times that filled us with joy and hard times that tested us And Ive even gotten a few words in along the way." On Tuesday night I
family and Charlotte and Aidan into the world." And Bill that conversation we started in the law library 45 years ago .. it is still going strong "You know that conversation has lasted through good times that filled us with joy and hard times that tested us And Ive even gotten a few words in along the way." On Tuesday night I was so happy to see that my "explainer in chief" is still
going strong "You know that conversation has lasted through good times that filled us with joy and hard times that tested us And Ive even gotten a few words in along the way." On Tuesday night I was so happy to see that my "explainer in chief" is still on the job "Im also grateful to the rest of my family and to the friends of a lifetime." "To all of you whose hard
night I was so happy to see that my "explainer in chief" is still on the job "Im also grateful to the rest of my family and to the friends of a lifetime." "To all of you whose hard work brought us here tonight and to those of you who joined this campaign this week thank you What a remarkable week its been!" "We heard the man from Hope Bill Clinton and the man
of a lifetime." "To all of you whose hard work brought us here tonight and to those of you who joined this campaign this week thank you What a remarkable week its been!" "We heard the man from Hope Bill Clinton and the man of hope Barack Obama America is stronger because of President Obamas leadership And Im better because of his friendship." We heard from our terrific vice president the one and only Joe
to those of you who joined this campaign this week thank you What a remarkable week its been!" "We heard the man from Hope Bill Clinton and the man of hope Barack Obama America is stronger because of President Obamas leadership And Im better because of his friendship." We heard from our terrific vice president the one and only Joe Biden "He spoke from his big heart about our partys commitment to working people
remarkable week its been!" "We heard the man from Hope Bill Clinton and the man of hope Barack Obama America is stronger because of President Obamas leadership And Im better because of his friendship." We heard from our terrific vice president the one and only Joe Biden "He spoke from his big heart about our partys commitment to working people as only he can do." And first lady Michelle Obama reminded us that our
Obamas leadership And Im better because of his friendship." We heard from our terrific vice president the one and only Joe Biden "He spoke from his big heart about our partys commitment to working people as only he can do." And first lady Michelle Obama reminded us that our children are watching And the president we elect is going to be their president too And for those of you out there who are just
Biden "He spoke from his big heart about our partys commitment to working people as only he can do." And first lady Michelle Obama reminded us that our children are watching And the president we elect is going to be their president too And for those of you out there who are just getting to know Tim Kaine you will soon understand why the people of Virginia keep promoting him from city council and
reminded us that our children are watching And the president we elect is going to be their president too And for those of you out there who are just getting to know Tim Kaine you will soon understand why the people of Virginia keep promoting him from city council and mayor to governor and now senator And he will make our whole country proud as our vice president And I want to thank Bernie Sanders
there who are just getting to know Tim Kaine you will soon understand why the people of Virginia keep promoting him from city council and mayor to governor and now senator And he will make our whole country proud as our vice president And I want to thank Bernie Sanders Bernie your campaign inspired millions of Americans particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary "Youve put economic and
you will soon understand why the people of Virginia keep promoting him from city council and mayor to governor and now senator And he will make our whole country proud as our vice president And I want to thank Bernie Sanders Bernie your campaign inspired millions of Americans particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary "Youve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong." "And
council and mayor to governor and now senator And he will make our whole country proud as our vice president And I want to thank Bernie Sanders Bernie your campaign inspired millions of Americans particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary "Youve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong." "And to all of your supporters here and around the country I want you
Sanders Bernie your campaign inspired millions of Americans particularly the young people who threw their hearts and souls into our primary "Youve put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong." "And to all of your supporters here and around the country I want you to know Ive heard you Your cause is our cause." "Our country needs your ideas energy and passion That is the only way we can turn
put economic and social justice issues front and center where they belong." "And to all of your supporters here and around the country I want you to know Ive heard you Your cause is our cause." "Our country needs your ideas energy and passion That is the only way we can turn our progressive platform into real change for America We wrote it together now lets go out and make it happen together!" "My friends
of your supporters here and around the country I want you to know Ive heard you Your cause is our cause." "Our country needs your ideas energy and passion That is the only way we can turn our progressive platform into real change for America We wrote it together now lets go out and make it happen together!" "My friends weve come to Philadelphia the birthplace of our nation because what happened in this
passion That is the only way we can turn our progressive platform into real change for America We wrote it together now lets go out and make it happen together!" "My friends weve come to Philadelphia the birthplace of our nation because what happened in this city 240 years ago still has something to teach us today We all know the story but we usually focus on how it turned out and not enough
ago still has something to teach us today We all know the story but we usually focus on how it turned out and not enough on how close that story came to never being written at all." When representatives from 13 unruly colonies met just down the road from here some wanted to stick with the king and some wanted to stick it to the king "The Revolution hung in the balance and somehow
representatives from 13 unruly colonies met just down the road from here some wanted to stick with the king and some wanted to stick it to the king "The Revolution hung in the balance and somehow they began listening to each other compromising finding common purpose And by the time they left Philadelphia they had begun to see themselves as one nation Thats what made it possible to stand up to a king That
the king and some wanted to stick it to the king "The Revolution hung in the balance and somehow they began listening to each other compromising finding common purpose And by the time they left Philadelphia they had begun to see themselves as one nation Thats what made it possible to stand up to a king That took courage they had courage Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together." Now
hung in the balance and somehow they began listening to each other compromising finding common purpose And by the time they left Philadelphia they had begun to see themselves as one nation Thats what made it possible to stand up to a king That took courage they had courage Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together." Now America is once again at a moment of reckoning Powerful forces are threatening to
to each other compromising finding common purpose And by the time they left Philadelphia they had begun to see themselves as one nation Thats what made it possible to stand up to a king That took courage they had courage Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together." Now America is once again at a moment of reckoning Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart Bonds of trust and respect
Philadelphia they had begun to see themselves as one nation Thats what made it possible to stand up to a king That took courage they had courage Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together." Now America is once again at a moment of reckoning Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart Bonds of trust and respect are fraying And just as with our Founders there are no guarantees It truly
to stand up to a king That took courage they had courage Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together." Now America is once again at a moment of reckoning Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart Bonds of trust and respect are fraying And just as with our Founders there are no guarantees It truly is up to us We have to decide whether we will all work together
took courage they had courage Our Founders embraced the enduring truth that we are stronger together." Now America is once again at a moment of reckoning Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart Bonds of trust and respect are fraying And just as with our Founders there are no guarantees It truly is up to us We have to decide whether we will all work together so we can all rise together "Our countrys
enduring truth that we are stronger together." Now America is once again at a moment of reckoning Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart Bonds of trust and respect are fraying And just as with our Founders there are no guarantees It truly is up to us We have to decide whether we will all work together so we can all rise together "Our countrys motto is E Pluribus Unum out of many
America is once again at a moment of reckoning Powerful forces are threatening to pull us apart Bonds of trust and respect are fraying And just as with our Founders there are no guarantees It truly is up to us We have to decide whether we will all work together so we can all rise together "Our countrys motto is E Pluribus Unum out of many we are one Will we stay true to
are threatening to pull us apart Bonds of trust and respect are fraying And just as with our Founders there are no guarantees It truly is up to us We have to decide whether we will all work together so we can all rise together "Our countrys motto is E Pluribus Unum out of many we are one Will we stay true to that motto?" "Well we heard Donald Trumps answer last week at
just as with our Founders there are no guarantees It truly is up to us We have to decide whether we will all work together so we can all rise together "Our countrys motto is E Pluribus Unum out of many we are one Will we stay true to that motto?" "Well we heard Donald Trumps answer last week at his convention He wants to divide us from the rest of the world and from
have to decide whether we will all work together so we can all rise together "Our countrys motto is E Pluribus Unum out of many we are one Will we stay true to that motto?" "Well we heard Donald Trumps answer last week at his convention He wants to divide us from the rest of the world and from each other Hes betting that the perils of todays world will blind us to its
countrys motto is E Pluribus Unum out of many we are one Will we stay true to that motto?" "Well we heard Donald Trumps answer last week at his convention He wants to divide us from the rest of the world and from each other Hes betting that the perils of todays world will blind us to its unlimited promise Hes taken the Republican Party a long way from morning in America to midnight in
true to that motto?" "Well we heard Donald Trumps answer last week at his convention He wants to divide us from the rest of the world and from each other Hes betting that the perils of todays world will blind us to its unlimited promise Hes taken the Republican Party a long way from morning in America to midnight in America." He wants us to fear the future and fear each other Well you know
the rest of the world and from each other Hes betting that the perils of todays world will blind us to its unlimited promise Hes taken the Republican Party a long way from morning in America to midnight in America." He wants us to fear the future and fear each other Well you know a great Democratic President Franklin Delano Roosevelt came up with the perfect rebuke to Trump more than 80 years ago during
America." He wants us to fear the future and fear each other Well you know a great Democratic President Franklin Delano Roosevelt came up with the perfect rebuke to Trump more than 80 years ago during a much more perilous time: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself! "Now we are clear-eyed about what our country is up against But we are not afraid We will rise to the challenge just
rebuke to Trump more than 80 years ago during a much more perilous time: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself! "Now we are clear-eyed about what our country is up against But we are not afraid We will rise to the challenge just as we always have We will not build a wall; instead we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one And well
during a much more perilous time: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself! "Now we are clear-eyed about what our country is up against But we are not afraid We will rise to the challenge just as we always have We will not build a wall; instead we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one And well build a path to citizenship for millions of
we are clear-eyed about what our country is up against But we are not afraid We will rise to the challenge just as we always have We will not build a wall; instead we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one And well build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy." We will not ban a religion We will
we always have We will not build a wall; instead we will build an economy where everyone who wants a good job can get one And well build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy." We will not ban a religion We will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism "Yet we know there is a lot to do Too many
a good job can get one And well build a path to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy." We will not ban a religion We will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism "Yet we know there is a lot to do Too many people havent had a pay raise since the crash Theres too much inequality too little social mobility too much
to citizenship for millions of immigrants who are already contributing to our economy." We will not ban a religion We will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism "Yet we know there is a lot to do Too many people havent had a pay raise since the crash Theres too much inequality too little social mobility too much paralysis in Washington." Too many threats at home and abroad But just
to our economy." We will not ban a religion We will work with all Americans and our allies to fight and defeat terrorism "Yet we know there is a lot to do Too many people havent had a pay raise since the crash Theres too much inequality too little social mobility too much paralysis in Washington." Too many threats at home and abroad But just look for a minute at the strengths we bring as
our allies to fight and defeat terrorism "Yet we know there is a lot to do Too many people havent had a pay raise since the crash Theres too much inequality too little social mobility too much paralysis in Washington." Too many threats at home and abroad But just look for a minute at the strengths we bring as Americans to meet these challenges We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the
people havent had a pay raise since the crash Theres too much inequality too little social mobility too much paralysis in Washington." Too many threats at home and abroad But just look for a minute at the strengths we bring as Americans to meet these challenges We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world "We have the most tolerant and generous young people weve ever had." We have the most powerful military
little social mobility too much paralysis in Washington." Too many threats at home and abroad But just look for a minute at the strengths we bring as Americans to meet these challenges We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world "We have the most tolerant and generous young people weve ever had." We have the most powerful military the most innovative entrepreneurs the most enduring values freedom and equality justice and opportunity
to meet these challenges We have the most dynamic and diverse people in the world "We have the most tolerant and generous young people weve ever had." We have the most powerful military the most innovative entrepreneurs the most enduring values freedom and equality justice and opportunity we should be so proud that those words are associated with us I have to tell you as your secretary of state I went to 112 countries
the most powerful military the most innovative entrepreneurs the most enduring values freedom and equality justice and opportunity we should be so proud that those words are associated with us I have to tell you as your secretary of state I went to 112 countries When people hear those words they hear America! "So dont let anyone tell you that our country is weak Were not Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what
opportunity we should be so proud that those words are associated with us I have to tell you as your secretary of state I went to 112 countries When people hear those words they hear America! "So dont let anyone tell you that our country is weak Were not Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what it takes We do And most of all dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix
with us I have to tell you as your secretary of state I went to 112 countries When people hear those words they hear America! "So dont let anyone tell you that our country is weak Were not Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what it takes We do And most of all dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix it." "Yes those were actually Donald Trumps words in Cleveland
you as your secretary of state I went to 112 countries When people hear those words they hear America! "So dont let anyone tell you that our country is weak Were not Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what it takes We do And most of all dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix it." "Yes those were actually Donald Trumps words in Cleveland And they should set off alarm bells
went to 112 countries When people hear those words they hear America! "So dont let anyone tell you that our country is weak Were not Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what it takes We do And most of all dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix it." "Yes those were actually Donald Trumps words in Cleveland And they should set off alarm bells for all of us Really? I
"So dont let anyone tell you that our country is weak Were not Dont let anyone tell you we dont have what it takes We do And most of all dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix it." "Yes those were actually Donald Trumps words in Cleveland And they should set off alarm bells for all of us Really? I alone can fix it? Isnt he forgetting troops on the front lines police
you we dont have what it takes We do And most of all dont believe anyone who says I alone can fix it." "Yes those were actually Donald Trumps words in Cleveland And they should set off alarm bells for all of us Really? I alone can fix it? Isnt he forgetting troops on the front lines police officers and firefighters who run toward danger doctors and nurses who care for us teachers who change
police officers and firefighters who run toward danger doctors and nurses who care for us teachers who change lives entrepreneurs who see possibilities in every problem mothers who lost children to violence and are building a movement to keep other kids safe? Hes forgetting every last one of us." Americans dont say "I alone can fix it." We say "well fix it together!" And remember remember our Founders fought a Revolution and wrote a Constitution
We say "well fix it together!" And remember remember our Founders fought a Revolution and wrote a Constitution so America would never be a nation where one person had all the power 240 years later we still put our faith in each other Look at what happened in Dallas after the assassinations of five brave police officers Police Chief David Brown asked the community to support his force maybe even join them And you know
Revolution and wrote a Constitution so America would never be a nation where one person had all the power 240 years later we still put our faith in each other Look at what happened in Dallas after the assassinations of five brave police officers Police Chief David Brown asked the community to support his force maybe even join them And you know how the community responded? Nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days
person had all the power 240 years later we still put our faith in each other Look at what happened in Dallas after the assassinations of five brave police officers Police Chief David Brown asked the community to support his force maybe even join them And you know how the community responded? Nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days "Thats how Americans answer when the call for help goes out." Twenty years ago I
other Look at what happened in Dallas after the assassinations of five brave police officers Police Chief David Brown asked the community to support his force maybe even join them And you know how the community responded? Nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days "Thats how Americans answer when the call for help goes out." Twenty years ago I wrote a book called "It Takes a Village." And a lot of people looked at
you know how the community responded? Nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days "Thats how Americans answer when the call for help goes out." Twenty years ago I wrote a book called "It Takes a Village." And a lot of people looked at the title and asked what the heck do you mean by that? This is what I mean None of us can raise a family build a business heal a community or
"It Takes a Village." And a lot of people looked at the title and asked what the heck do you mean by that? This is what I mean None of us can raise a family build a business heal a community or lift a country totally alone America needs every one of us to lend our energy our talents our ambition to making our nation better and stronger I believe that with all my heart
mean by that? This is what I mean None of us can raise a family build a business heal a community or lift a country totally alone America needs every one of us to lend our energy our talents our ambition to making our nation better and stronger I believe that with all my heart Thats why "stronger together" is not just a lesson from our history its not just a slogan for our campaign
family build a business heal a community or lift a country totally alone America needs every one of us to lend our energy our talents our ambition to making our nation better and stronger I believe that with all my heart Thats why "stronger together" is not just a lesson from our history its not just a slogan for our campaign its a guiding principle for the country weve always been and the future were
our nation better and stronger I believe that with all my heart Thats why "stronger together" is not just a lesson from our history its not just a slogan for our campaign its a guiding principle for the country weve always been and the future were going to build a country where the economy works for everyone not just those at the top Where you can get a good job and send your kids to
the country weve always been and the future were going to build a country where the economy works for everyone not just those at the top Where you can get a good job and send your kids to a good school no matter what ZIP code you live in A country where all our children can dream and those dreams are within reach where families are strong communities are safe and yes where love trumps
top Where you can get a good job and send your kids to a good school no matter what ZIP code you live in A country where all our children can dream and those dreams are within reach where families are strong communities are safe and yes where love trumps hate "Thats the country were fighting for Thats the future were working toward And so my friends it is with humility determination and boundless confidence
matter what ZIP code you live in A country where all our children can dream and those dreams are within reach where families are strong communities are safe and yes where love trumps hate "Thats the country were fighting for Thats the future were working toward And so my friends it is with humility determination and boundless confidence in Americas promise that I accept your nomination for president of the United States!" "Now sometimes—sometimes—the
in A country where all our children can dream and those dreams are within reach where families are strong communities are safe and yes where love trumps hate "Thats the country were fighting for Thats the future were working toward And so my friends it is with humility determination and boundless confidence in Americas promise that I accept your nomination for president of the United States!" "Now sometimes—sometimes—the people at this podium are new
and yes where love trumps hate "Thats the country were fighting for Thats the future were working toward And so my friends it is with humility determination and boundless confidence in Americas promise that I accept your nomination for president of the United States!" "Now sometimes—sometimes—the people at this podium are new to the national stage As you know Im not one of those people Ive been your first lady served eight years as
is with humility determination and boundless confidence in Americas promise that I accept your nomination for president of the United States!" "Now sometimes—sometimes—the people at this podium are new to the national stage As you know Im not one of those people Ive been your first lady served eight years as a senator from the great state of New York then I represented all of you as secretary of state." "But my job titles only
at this podium are new to the national stage As you know Im not one of those people Ive been your first lady served eight years as a senator from the great state of New York then I represented all of you as secretary of state." "But my job titles only tell you what Ive done They dont tell you why The truth is through all these years of public service the service part
first lady served eight years as a senator from the great state of New York then I represented all of you as secretary of state." "But my job titles only tell you what Ive done They dont tell you why The truth is through all these years of public service the service part has always come easier to me than the public part." "I get it that some people just dont know what to make
state." "But my job titles only tell you what Ive done They dont tell you why The truth is through all these years of public service the service part has always come easier to me than the public part." "I get it that some people just dont know what to make of me." "So let me tell you The family Im from well no one had their name on big buildings My family were
service part has always come easier to me than the public part." "I get it that some people just dont know what to make of me." "So let me tell you The family Im from well no one had their name on big buildings My family were builders of a different kind builders in the way most American families are They used whatever tools they had whatever God gave them and whatever life in America
that some people just dont know what to make of me." "So let me tell you The family Im from well no one had their name on big buildings My family were builders of a different kind builders in the way most American families are They used whatever tools they had whatever God gave them and whatever life in America provided and built better lives and better futures for their kids." My grandfather worked
big buildings My family were builders of a different kind builders in the way most American families are They used whatever tools they had whatever God gave them and whatever life in America provided and built better lives and better futures for their kids." My grandfather worked in the same Scranton lace mill for 50 years Because he believed that if he gave everything he had his children would have a better life than
whatever life in America provided and built better lives and better futures for their kids." My grandfather worked in the same Scranton lace mill for 50 years Because he believed that if he gave everything he had his children would have a better life than he did And he was right My dad Hugh made it to college he played football at Penn State and enlisted in the Navy after Pearl Harbor When the
for their kids." My grandfather worked in the same Scranton lace mill for 50 years Because he believed that if he gave everything he had his children would have a better life than he did And he was right My dad Hugh made it to college he played football at Penn State and enlisted in the Navy after Pearl Harbor When the war was over he started his own small business printing fabric for
for 50 years Because he believed that if he gave everything he had his children would have a better life than he did And he was right My dad Hugh made it to college he played football at Penn State and enlisted in the Navy after Pearl Harbor When the war was over he started his own small business printing fabric for draperies I remember watching him stand for hours over silkscreens He wanted to
better life than he did And he was right My dad Hugh made it to college he played football at Penn State and enlisted in the Navy after Pearl Harbor When the war was over he started his own small business printing fabric for draperies I remember watching him stand for hours over silkscreens He wanted to give my brothers and me opportunities he never had and he did My mother Dorothy was abandoned by
made it to college he played football at Penn State and enlisted in the Navy after Pearl Harbor When the war was over he started his own small business printing fabric for draperies I remember watching him stand for hours over silkscreens He wanted to give my brothers and me opportunities he never had and he did My mother Dorothy was abandoned by her parents as a young girl She ended up on her own
in the Navy after Pearl Harbor When the war was over he started his own small business printing fabric for draperies I remember watching him stand for hours over silkscreens He wanted to give my brothers and me opportunities he never had and he did My mother Dorothy was abandoned by her parents as a young girl She ended up on her own at 14 working as a housemaid She was saved by the kindness
own small business printing fabric for draperies I remember watching him stand for hours over silkscreens He wanted to give my brothers and me opportunities he never had and he did My mother Dorothy was abandoned by her parents as a young girl She ended up on her own at 14 working as a housemaid She was saved by the kindness of others Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch
for hours over silkscreens He wanted to give my brothers and me opportunities he never had and he did My mother Dorothy was abandoned by her parents as a young girl She ended up on her own at 14 working as a housemaid She was saved by the kindness of others Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year The lessons she
and me opportunities he never had and he did My mother Dorothy was abandoned by her parents as a young girl She ended up on her own at 14 working as a housemaid She was saved by the kindness of others Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year The lessons she passed on to me years later stuck with me No
by her parents as a young girl She ended up on her own at 14 working as a housemaid She was saved by the kindness of others Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year The lessons she passed on to me years later stuck with me No one gets through life alone We have to look out for each other and
as a housemaid She was saved by the kindness of others Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year The lessons she passed on to me years later stuck with me No one gets through life alone We have to look out for each other and lift each other up And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith:
of others Her first-grade teacher saw she had nothing to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year The lessons she passed on to me years later stuck with me No one gets through life alone We have to look out for each other and lift each other up And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith: Do all the good you can for all the
to eat at lunch and brought extra food to share the entire year The lessons she passed on to me years later stuck with me No one gets through life alone We have to look out for each other and lift each other up And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith: Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can as
No one gets through life alone We have to look out for each other and lift each other up And she made sure I learned the words from our Methodist faith: Do all the good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can as long as ever you can "So I went to work for the Childrens Defense Fund going door-to- door in New Bedford Massachusetts on behalf
good you can for all the people you can in all the ways you can as long as ever you can "So I went to work for the Childrens Defense Fund going door-to- door in New Bedford Massachusetts on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house She told me how
to work for the Childrens Defense Fund going door-to- door in New Bedford Massachusetts on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house She told me how badly she wanted to go to school It just didnt seem possible in those days And I couldnt stop thinking of my mother and what
on behalf of children with disabilities who were denied the chance to go to school I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house She told me how badly she wanted to go to school It just didnt seem possible in those days And I couldnt stop thinking of my mother and what shed gone through as a child." It became clear to me that simply caring
chance to go to school I remember meeting a young girl in a wheelchair on the small back porch of her house She told me how badly she wanted to go to school It just didnt seem possible in those days And I couldnt stop thinking of my mother and what shed gone through as a child." It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough To drive real progress you have
back porch of her house She told me how badly she wanted to go to school It just didnt seem possible in those days And I couldnt stop thinking of my mother and what shed gone through as a child." It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough To drive real progress you have to change both hearts and laws You need both understanding and action "So we gathered facts we built
possible in those days And I couldnt stop thinking of my mother and what shed gone through as a child." It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough To drive real progress you have to change both hearts and laws You need both understanding and action "So we gathered facts we built a coalition and our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities Its
of my mother and what shed gone through as a child." It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough To drive real progress you have to change both hearts and laws You need both understanding and action "So we gathered facts we built a coalition and our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities Its a big idea isnt it? Every kid with a
me that simply caring is not enough To drive real progress you have to change both hearts and laws You need both understanding and action "So we gathered facts we built a coalition and our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities Its a big idea isnt it? Every kid with a disability has the right to go to school." But how? How do you make an
and our work helped convince Congress to ensure access to education for all students with disabilities Its a big idea isnt it? Every kid with a disability has the right to go to school." But how? How do you make an idea like that real? You do it step by step year by year sometimes even door by door My heart just swelled when I saw Anastasia Somoza representing millions of young people on this
to go to school." But how? How do you make an idea like that real? You do it step by step year by year sometimes even door by door My heart just swelled when I saw Anastasia Somoza representing millions of young people on this stage "Because we changed our law to make sure she got an education So its true I sweat the details of policy whether were talking about the exact level of
You do it step by step year by year sometimes even door by door My heart just swelled when I saw Anastasia Somoza representing millions of young people on this stage "Because we changed our law to make sure she got an education So its true I sweat the details of policy whether were talking about the exact level of lead in the drinking water in Flint Michigan the number of mental health facilities
by year sometimes even door by door My heart just swelled when I saw Anastasia Somoza representing millions of young people on this stage "Because we changed our law to make sure she got an education So its true I sweat the details of policy whether were talking about the exact level of lead in the drinking water in Flint Michigan the number of mental health facilities in Iowa or the cost of your prescription
our law to make sure she got an education So its true I sweat the details of policy whether were talking about the exact level of lead in the drinking water in Flint Michigan the number of mental health facilities in Iowa or the cost of your prescription drugs." "Because its not just a detail if its your kid if its your family Its a big deal And it should be a big deal to
the drinking water in Flint Michigan the number of mental health facilities in Iowa or the cost of your prescription drugs." "Because its not just a detail if its your kid if its your family Its a big deal And it should be a big deal to you president too." "After the four days of this convention youve seen some of the people who have inspired me people who let me into their lives
detail if its your kid if its your family Its a big deal And it should be a big deal to you president too." "After the four days of this convention youve seen some of the people who have inspired me people who let me into their lives and became a part of mine people like Ryan Moore and Lauren Manning They told their stories Tuesday night." "I first met Ryan as a 7-year
youve seen some of the people who have inspired me people who let me into their lives and became a part of mine people like Ryan Moore and Lauren Manning They told their stories Tuesday night." "I first met Ryan as a 7-year old He was wearing a full-body brace that must have weighed 40 pounds because I leaned over to lift him up Children like Ryan kept me going when our plan for
and became a part of mine people like Ryan Moore and Lauren Manning They told their stories Tuesday night." "I first met Ryan as a 7-year old He was wearing a full-body brace that must have weighed 40 pounds because I leaned over to lift him up Children like Ryan kept me going when our plan for universal health care failed and kept me working with leaders of both parties to help create the
40 pounds because I leaned over to lift him up Children like Ryan kept me going when our plan for universal health care failed and kept me working with leaders of both parties to help create the Childrens Health Insurance Program that covers 8 million kids in our country." Lauren Manning who stood here with such grace and power was gravely injured on 9/11 It was the thought of her and Debbie St John
both parties to help create the Childrens Health Insurance Program that covers 8 million kids in our country." Lauren Manning who stood here with such grace and power was gravely injured on 9/11 It was the thought of her and Debbie St John who you saw in the movie and John Dolan and Joe Sweeney and all the victims and survivors that kept me working as hard as I could in the Senate on behalf
gravely injured on 9/11 It was the thought of her and Debbie St John who you saw in the movie and John Dolan and Joe Sweeney and all the victims and survivors that kept me working as hard as I could in the Senate on behalf of 9/11 families and our first responders who got sick from their time at ground zero I was thinking of Lauren Debbie and all the others 10 years later
the Senate on behalf of 9/11 families and our first responders who got sick from their time at ground zero I was thinking of Lauren Debbie and all the others 10 years later in the White House Situation Room when President Obama made the courageous decision that finally brought Osama bin Laden to justice "And in this campaign Ive met many more people who motivate me to keep fighting for change And with your
Debbie and all the others 10 years later in the White House Situation Room when President Obama made the courageous decision that finally brought Osama bin Laden to justice "And in this campaign Ive met many more people who motivate me to keep fighting for change And with your help I will carry all of your voices and stories with me to the White House." "And you heard from Republicans and independents who are supporting
Osama bin Laden to justice "And in this campaign Ive met many more people who motivate me to keep fighting for change And with your help I will carry all of your voices and stories with me to the White House." "And you heard from Republicans and independents who are supporting our campaign Well I will be a president for Democrats Republicans independents for the struggling the striving the successful for all those who vote
of your voices and stories with me to the White House." "And you heard from Republicans and independents who are supporting our campaign Well I will be a president for Democrats Republicans independents for the struggling the striving the successful for all those who vote for me and for those who dont For all Americans together!" "Tonight weve reached a milestone in our nations march toward a more perfect union The first time that a
I will be a president for Democrats Republicans independents for the struggling the striving the successful for all those who vote for me and for those who dont For all Americans together!" "Tonight weve reached a milestone in our nations march toward a more perfect union The first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president!" "Standing here as my mothers daughter and my daughters mother Im so happy this day
for those who dont For all Americans together!" "Tonight weve reached a milestone in our nations march toward a more perfect union The first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president!" "Standing here as my mothers daughter and my daughters mother Im so happy this day has come Im happy for grandmothers and little girls and everyone in between Im happy for boys and men Because when any barrier falls
perfect union The first time that a major party has nominated a woman for president!" "Standing here as my mothers daughter and my daughters mother Im so happy this day has come Im happy for grandmothers and little girls and everyone in between Im happy for boys and men Because when any barrier falls in America it clears the way for everyone." "After all when there are no ceilings the skys the limit!" "So lets
has nominated a woman for president!" "Standing here as my mothers daughter and my daughters mother Im so happy this day has come Im happy for grandmothers and little girls and everyone in between Im happy for boys and men Because when any barrier falls in America it clears the way for everyone." "After all when there are no ceilings the skys the limit!" "So lets keep going Lets keep going until every one
so happy this day has come Im happy for grandmothers and little girls and everyone in between Im happy for boys and men Because when any barrier falls in America it clears the way for everyone." "After all when there are no ceilings the skys the limit!" "So lets keep going Lets keep going until every one of the 161 million women and girls across America has the opportunity she deserves to have!" But
everyone." "After all when there are no ceilings the skys the limit!" "So lets keep going Lets keep going until every one of the 161 million women and girls across America has the opportunity she deserves to have!" But even more important than the history we make tonight is the history we will write together in the years ahead "Lets begin with what were going to do to help working people in our country get
history we will write together in the years ahead "Lets begin with what were going to do to help working people in our country get ahead and stay ahead." "Now I dont think President Obama and Vice President Biden get the credit they deserve for saving us from the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes." Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office Nearly 15 million new private sector jobs 20 million
credit they deserve for saving us from the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes." Our economy is so much stronger than when they took office Nearly 15 million new private sector jobs 20 million more Americans with health insurance and an auto industry that just had its best year ever "Now thats real progress but none of us can be satisfied with the status quo not by a long shot Were still facing deep-seated problems
took office Nearly 15 million new private sector jobs 20 million more Americans with health insurance and an auto industry that just had its best year ever "Now thats real progress but none of us can be satisfied with the status quo not by a long shot Were still facing deep-seated problems that developed long before the recession and have stayed with us through the recovery." "Ive gone around the country talking to working
but none of us can be satisfied with the status quo not by a long shot Were still facing deep-seated problems that developed long before the recession and have stayed with us through the recovery." "Ive gone around the country talking to working families and Ive heard from many who feel like the economy sure isnt working for them Some of you are frustrated even furious And you know what? Youre right Its not yet
the recession and have stayed with us through the recovery." "Ive gone around the country talking to working families and Ive heard from many who feel like the economy sure isnt working for them Some of you are frustrated even furious And you know what? Youre right Its not yet working the way it should Americans are willing to work and work hard but right now an awful lot of people feel there is less
through the recovery." "Ive gone around the country talking to working families and Ive heard from many who feel like the economy sure isnt working for them Some of you are frustrated even furious And you know what? Youre right Its not yet working the way it should Americans are willing to work and work hard but right now an awful lot of people feel there is less and less respect for the work
country talking to working families and Ive heard from many who feel like the economy sure isnt working for them Some of you are frustrated even furious And you know what? Youre right Its not yet working the way it should Americans are willing to work and work hard but right now an awful lot of people feel there is less and less respect for the work they do and less respect for them
even furious And you know what? Youre right Its not yet working the way it should Americans are willing to work and work hard but right now an awful lot of people feel there is less and less respect for the work they do and less respect for them period." Democrats we are the party of working people "But we havent done a good enough job showing we get what youre going through and
feel there is less and less respect for the work they do and less respect for them period." Democrats we are the party of working people "But we havent done a good enough job showing we get what youre going through and were going to do something to help So tonight I want to tell you how we will empower Americans to live better lives." My primary mission as president will be to create more
enough job showing we get what youre going through and were going to do something to help So tonight I want to tell you how we will empower Americans to live better lives." My primary mission as president will be to create more opportunity and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States From my first day in office to my last especially in places that for too long have
and more good jobs with rising wages right here in the United States From my first day in office to my last especially in places that for too long have been left out and left behind from our inner cities to our small towns from Indian country to coal country from communities ravaged by addiction to regions hollowed out by plant closures "And heres what I believe I believe America thrives when the middle class
too long have been left out and left behind from our inner cities to our small towns from Indian country to coal country from communities ravaged by addiction to regions hollowed out by plant closures "And heres what I believe I believe America thrives when the middle class thrives I believe our economy isnt working the way it should because our democracy isnt working the way it should." "Thats why we need to appoint Supreme
left behind from our inner cities to our small towns from Indian country to coal country from communities ravaged by addiction to regions hollowed out by plant closures "And heres what I believe I believe America thrives when the middle class thrives I believe our economy isnt working the way it should because our democracy isnt working the way it should." "Thats why we need to appoint Supreme Court justices who will get money out
I believe our economy isnt working the way it should because our democracy isnt working the way it should." "Thats why we need to appoint Supreme Court justices who will get money out of politics and expand voting rights not restrict them." And if necessary we will pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United! "I believe American corporations that have gotten so much from our country should be just as patriotic in return
them." And if necessary we will pass a constitutional amendment to overturn Citizens United! "I believe American corporations that have gotten so much from our country should be just as patriotic in return Many of them are but too many arent Its wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." And I believe Wall Street can never ever be allowed to wreck Main Street again And
gotten so much from our country should be just as patriotic in return Many of them are but too many arent Its wrong to take tax breaks with one hand and give out pink slips with the other." And I believe Wall Street can never ever be allowed to wreck Main Street again And I believe in science! I believe climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions
one hand and give out pink slips with the other." And I believe Wall Street can never ever be allowed to wreck Main Street again And I believe in science! I believe climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean-energy jobs I believe that when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy it would be self-defeating and inhumane to try to kick them
I believe in science! I believe climate change is real and that we can save our planet while creating millions of good-paying clean-energy jobs I believe that when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy it would be self-defeating and inhumane to try to kick them out "Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together And its the right thing to do." So whatever party you belong to
creating millions of good-paying clean-energy jobs I believe that when we have millions of hardworking immigrants contributing to our economy it would be self-defeating and inhumane to try to kick them out "Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together And its the right thing to do." So whatever party you belong to or if you belong to no party at all if you share these beliefs this is your campaign If
would be self-defeating and inhumane to try to kick them out "Comprehensive immigration reform will grow our economy and keep families together And its the right thing to do." So whatever party you belong to or if you belong to no party at all if you share these beliefs this is your campaign If you believe that companies should share profits not pad executive bonuses join us! If you believe the minimum wage should be
right to affordable health care join us! If you believe that we should say no to unfair trade deals that we should stand up to China that we should support our steelworkers and autoworkers and home-grown manufacturers then join us! "If you believe we should expand Social Security and protect a womans right to make her own health care decisions then join us!" And yes yes if you believe that your working mother wife
just those at the top." "Now you didnt hear any of this did you from Donald Trump at his convention? He spoke for 70-odd minutes—and I do mean odd—and he offered zero solutions But we already know he doesnt believe these things No wonder he doesnt like talking about his plans You might have noticed I love talking about mine." "In my first 100 days we will work with both parties to pass the biggest
any of this did you from Donald Trump at his convention? He spoke for 70-odd minutes—and I do mean odd—and he offered zero solutions But we already know he doesnt believe these things No wonder he doesnt like talking about his plans You might have noticed I love talking about mine." "In my first 100 days we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new good-paying jobs since World War II
offered zero solutions But we already know he doesnt believe these things No wonder he doesnt like talking about his plans You might have noticed I love talking about mine." "In my first 100 days we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new good-paying jobs since World War II Jobs in manufacturing clean energy technology and innovation small business and infrastructure If we invest in infrastructure now well not only
have noticed I love talking about mine." "In my first 100 days we will work with both parties to pass the biggest investment in new good-paying jobs since World War II Jobs in manufacturing clean energy technology and innovation small business and infrastructure If we invest in infrastructure now well not only create jobs today but lay the foundation for the jobs of the future And we will also transform the way we prepare
parties to pass the biggest investment in new good-paying jobs since World War II Jobs in manufacturing clean energy technology and innovation small business and infrastructure If we invest in infrastructure now well not only create jobs today but lay the foundation for the jobs of the future And we will also transform the way we prepare our young people for those jobs." Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition
in infrastructure now well not only create jobs today but lay the foundation for the jobs of the future And we will also transform the way we prepare our young people for those jobs." Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition free for the middle class and debt free for all We will also liberate millions of people who already have student debt "Its just not right that Donald Trump
the way we prepare our young people for those jobs." Bernie Sanders and I will work together to make college tuition free for the middle class and debt free for all We will also liberate millions of people who already have student debt "Its just not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts and students and families cant refinance their debts." "And something we dont say often enough sure college is crucial but
people who already have student debt "Its just not right that Donald Trump can ignore his debts and students and families cant refinance their debts." "And something we dont say often enough sure college is crucial but a four-year degree should not be the only path to a good job." We will help more people learn a skill or practice a trade and make a good living doing it "We will give small businesses like
should not be the only path to a good job." We will help more people learn a skill or practice a trade and make a good living doing it "We will give small businesses like my dads a boost make it easier to get credit Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks In America if you can dream it you should be able to build it." And we will help
more people learn a skill or practice a trade and make a good living doing it "We will give small businesses like my dads a boost make it easier to get credit Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks In America if you can dream it you should be able to build it." And we will help you balance family and work And you know what? If fighting for affordable child
will give small businesses like my dads a boost make it easier to get credit Way too many dreams die in the parking lots of banks In America if you can dream it you should be able to build it." And we will help you balance family and work And you know what? If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card then deal me in! "Now heres the
able to build it." And we will help you balance family and work And you know what? If fighting for affordable child care and paid family leave is playing the woman card then deal me in! "Now heres the other thing." "Now were not only going to make all of these investments were going to pay for every single one of them And heres how: Wall Street corporations and the super rich are going to
the other thing." "Now were not only going to make all of these investments were going to pay for every single one of them And heres how: Wall Street corporations and the super rich are going to start paying their fair share of taxes." "This is not because we resent success But when more than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent thats where the money is And we are
And heres how: Wall Street corporations and the super rich are going to start paying their fair share of taxes." "This is not because we resent success But when more than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent thats where the money is And we are going to follow the money." "And if companies take tax breaks and then ship jobs overseas well make them pay us back and well
to follow the money." "And if companies take tax breaks and then ship jobs overseas well make them pay us back and well put that money to work where it belongs creating jobs here at home." Now I imagine that some of you are sitting at home thinking well that all sounds pretty good but how are you going to get it done? How are you going to break through the gridlock in Washington? "Well
pretty good but how are you going to get it done? How are you going to break through the gridlock in Washington? "Well look at my record Ive worked across the aisle to pass laws and treaties and to launch new programs that help millions of people And if you give me the chance thats exactly what Ill do as president." "But then I also imagine people are thinking out there but Trump hes
the chance thats exactly what Ill do as president." "But then I also imagine people are thinking out there but Trump hes a businessman he must know something about the economy." "Well lets take a closer look shall we? In Atlantic City 60 miles from here you will find contractors and small businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills." "Now remember what the president said last night: Dont boo;
businesses who lost everything because Donald Trump refused to pay his bills." "Now remember what the president said last night: Dont boo; vote!" "But think of this People who did the work and needed the money not because he couldnt pay them but because he wouldnt pay them He just stiffed them And you know that sales pitch hes making to be president put your faith in him and youll win big? Thats the same
remember what the president said last night: Dont boo; vote!" "But think of this People who did the work and needed the money not because he couldnt pay them but because he wouldnt pay them He just stiffed them And you know that sales pitch hes making to be president put your faith in him and youll win big? Thats the same sales pitch he made to all those small businesses Then Trump walked
work and needed the money not because he couldnt pay them but because he wouldnt pay them He just stiffed them And you know that sales pitch hes making to be president put your faith in him and youll win big? Thats the same sales pitch he made to all those small businesses Then Trump walked away and left working people holding the bag." He also talks a big game about putting America first
pitch hes making to be president put your faith in him and youll win big? Thats the same sales pitch he made to all those small businesses Then Trump walked away and left working people holding the bag." He also talks a big game about putting America first Well please explain what part of "America first" leads him to make Trump ties in China not Colorado Trump suits in Mexico not Michigan Trump furniture in
people holding the bag." He also talks a big game about putting America first Well please explain what part of "America first" leads him to make Trump ties in China not Colorado Trump suits in Mexico not Michigan Trump furniture in Turkey not Ohio Trump picture frames in India not Wisconsin? Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again Well he could start by actually making things in America again Now the choice
China not Colorado Trump suits in Mexico not Michigan Trump furniture in Turkey not Ohio Trump picture frames in India not Wisconsin? Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again Well he could start by actually making things in America again Now the choice we face in this election is just as stark when it comes to our national security "You know anyone—anyone—reading the news can see the threats and turbulence we face
Trump picture frames in India not Wisconsin? Donald Trump says he wants to make America great again Well he could start by actually making things in America again Now the choice we face in this election is just as stark when it comes to our national security "You know anyone—anyone—reading the news can see the threats and turbulence we face from Baghdad to Kabul to Nice and Paris and Brussels from San Bernardino to Orlando
things in America again Now the choice we face in this election is just as stark when it comes to our national security "You know anyone—anyone—reading the news can see the threats and turbulence we face from Baghdad to Kabul to Nice and Paris and Brussels from San Bernardino to Orlando Were dealing with determined enemies that must be defeated." "So its no wonder that people are anxious and looking for reassurance looking for
San Bernardino to Orlando Were dealing with determined enemies that must be defeated." "So its no wonder that people are anxious and looking for reassurance looking for steady leadership wanting a leader who understands we are stronger when we work with our allies around the world and care for our veterans here at home." "Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority Im proud that weve
world and care for our veterans here at home." "Keeping our nation safe and honoring the people who do that work will be my highest priority Im proud that weve put a lid on Irans nuclear program without firing a single shot." "Now we have to enforce it And we must keep supporting Israels security." "Im proud that we shaped a global climate agreement Now we have to hold every country accountable to their
that work will be my highest priority Im proud that weve put a lid on Irans nuclear program without firing a single shot." "Now we have to enforce it And we must keep supporting Israels security." "Im proud that we shaped a global climate agreement Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments including ourselves." "And Im proud to stand by our allies in NATO against any threat they face including
enforce it And we must keep supporting Israels security." "Im proud that we shaped a global climate agreement Now we have to hold every country accountable to their commitments including ourselves." "And Im proud to stand by our allies in NATO against any threat they face including from Russia." "Ive laid out my strategy for defeating ISIS We will strike their sanctuaries from the air and support local forces taking them out on the ground
including ourselves." "And Im proud to stand by our allies in NATO against any threat they face including from Russia." "Ive laid out my strategy for defeating ISIS We will strike their sanctuaries from the air and support local forces taking them out on the ground We will surge our intelligence so we detect and prevent attacks before they happen We will disrupt their efforts online to reach and radicalize young people in our
face including from Russia." "Ive laid out my strategy for defeating ISIS We will strike their sanctuaries from the air and support local forces taking them out on the ground We will surge our intelligence so we detect and prevent attacks before they happen We will disrupt their efforts online to reach and radicalize young people in our country." "It wont be easy or quick but make no mistake we will prevail." Now Donald
our intelligence so we detect and prevent attacks before they happen We will disrupt their efforts online to reach and radicalize young people in our country." "It wont be easy or quick but make no mistake we will prevail." Now Donald Trump Donald Trump says and this is a quote "I know more about ISIS than the generals do." No Donald you dont He thinks he knows more than our military because he claimed
no mistake we will prevail." Now Donald Trump Donald Trump says and this is a quote "I know more about ISIS than the generals do." No Donald you dont He thinks he knows more than our military because he claimed our armed forces are a disaster "Well Ive had the privilege to work closely with our troops and our veterans for many years including as a senator on the Armed Services Committee and I know
No Donald you dont He thinks he knows more than our military because he claimed our armed forces are a disaster "Well Ive had the privilege to work closely with our troops and our veterans for many years including as a senator on the Armed Services Committee and I know how wrong he is Our military is a national treasure We entrust our commander in chief to make the hardest decisions our nation faces decisions
disaster "Well Ive had the privilege to work closely with our troops and our veterans for many years including as a senator on the Armed Services Committee and I know how wrong he is Our military is a national treasure We entrust our commander in chief to make the hardest decisions our nation faces decisions about war and peace life and death A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives
veterans for many years including as a senator on the Armed Services Committee and I know how wrong he is Our military is a national treasure We entrust our commander in chief to make the hardest decisions our nation faces decisions about war and peace life and death A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country...including Captain Khan and the sons of Tim Kaine and Mike
about war and peace life and death A president should respect the men and women who risk their lives to serve our country...including Captain Khan and the sons of Tim Kaine and Mike Pence both Marines." "So just ask yourself do you really think Donald Trump has the temperament to be commander in chief? Donald Trump cant even handle the rough and tumble of a presidential campaign He loses his cool at the slightest
Trump has the temperament to be commander in chief? Donald Trump cant even handle the rough and tumble of a presidential campaign He loses his cool at the slightest provocation when hes gotten a tough question from a reporter when hes challenged in a debate when he sees a protester at a rally Imagine if you dare imagine imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis." A man you can bait with a
hes challenged in a debate when he sees a protester at a rally Imagine if you dare imagine imagine him in the Oval Office facing a real crisis." A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man we can trust with nuclear weapons! "I cant put it any better than Jackie Kennedy did after the Cuban Missile Crisis She said that what worried President Kennedy during that very dangerous time was
"I cant put it any better than Jackie Kennedy did after the Cuban Missile Crisis She said that what worried President Kennedy during that very dangerous time was that a war might be started not by big men with self-control and restraint but by little men the ones moved by fear and pride." "Americas strength doesnt come from lashing out It relies on smarts judgment cool resolve and the precise and strategic application of power
war might be started not by big men with self-control and restraint but by little men the ones moved by fear and pride." "Americas strength doesnt come from lashing out It relies on smarts judgment cool resolve and the precise and strategic application of power And thats the kind of commander in chief I pledge to be." "And if were serious about keeping our country safe we also cant afford to have a president whos
It relies on smarts judgment cool resolve and the precise and strategic application of power And thats the kind of commander in chief I pledge to be." "And if were serious about keeping our country safe we also cant afford to have a president whos in the pocket of the gun lobby." "Im not here to repeal the Second Amendment Im not here to take away your guns I just dont want you to be
"And if were serious about keeping our country safe we also cant afford to have a president whos in the pocket of the gun lobby." "Im not here to repeal the Second Amendment Im not here to take away your guns I just dont want you to be shot by someone who shouldnt have a gun in the first place." We will work tirelessly with responsible gun owners to pass common sense reforms and
repeal the Second Amendment Im not here to take away your guns I just dont want you to be shot by someone who shouldnt have a gun in the first place." We will work tirelessly with responsible gun owners to pass common sense reforms and keep guns out of the hands of criminals terrorists and all others who would do us harm You know for decades people have said this issue was too hard
with responsible gun owners to pass common sense reforms and keep guns out of the hands of criminals terrorists and all others who would do us harm You know for decades people have said this issue was too hard to solve and the politics too hot to touch But I ask you how can we just stand by and do nothing? You heard you saw family members of people killed by gun violence on this
us harm You know for decades people have said this issue was too hard to solve and the politics too hot to touch But I ask you how can we just stand by and do nothing? You heard you saw family members of people killed by gun violence on this stage You heard you saw family members of police officers killed in the line of duty because they were outgunned by criminals "I refuse
I ask you how can we just stand by and do nothing? You heard you saw family members of people killed by gun violence on this stage You heard you saw family members of police officers killed in the line of duty because they were outgunned by criminals "I refuse to believe we cant find common ground here We have to heal the divides in our country not just on guns but on race immigration
family members of people killed by gun violence on this stage You heard you saw family members of police officers killed in the line of duty because they were outgunned by criminals "I refuse to believe we cant find common ground here We have to heal the divides in our country not just on guns but on race immigration and more." "And that starts with listening listening to each other trying as best we
of duty because they were outgunned by criminals "I refuse to believe we cant find common ground here We have to heal the divides in our country not just on guns but on race immigration and more." "And that starts with listening listening to each other trying as best we can to walk in each others shoes So lets put ourselves in the shoes of young black and Latino men and women who face the
we can to walk in each others shoes So lets put ourselves in the shoes of young black and Latino men and women who face the effects of systemic racism and are made to feel like their lives are disposable!" "Lets put ourselves in the shoes of police officers kissing their kids and spouses good-bye every day heading off to do a dangerous and necessary job We will reform our criminal justice system from
a dangerous and necessary job We will reform our criminal justice system from end to end and rebuild trust between law enforcement and the communities they serve." "And we will defend all our rights civil rights human rights and voting rights womens rights and workers rights LGBT rights and the rights of people with disabilities." "And we will stand up against mean and divisive rhetoric wherever it comes from You know for the past
of people with disabilities." "And we will stand up against mean and divisive rhetoric wherever it comes from You know for the past year many people made the mistake of laughing off Donald Trumps comments excusing him as an entertainer just putting on a show." "They thought he couldnt possibly mean all the horrible things he says Like when he called women pigs or said that an American judge couldnt be fair because of his
mean all the horrible things he says Like when he called women pigs or said that an American judge couldnt be fair because of his Mexican heritage or when he mocks and mimics a reporter with a disability or insults prisoners of war like John McCain a hero and a patriot who deserves our respect." "Now at first at first I admit I couldnt he meant it either It was just too hard to fathom
war like John McCain a hero and a patriot who deserves our respect." "Now at first at first I admit I couldnt he meant it either It was just too hard to fathom that someone who wants to lead our nation could say those things could be like that But heres the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump this is it." "And in the end it comes down to what Donald Trump doesnt
that someone who wants to lead our nation could say those things could be like that But heres the sad truth: There is no other Donald Trump this is it." "And in the end it comes down to what Donald Trump doesnt get: America is great because America is good!" "So enough with the bigotry and the bombast Donald Trumps not offering real change hes offering empty promises And what are we offering? A
Trump this is it." "And in the end it comes down to what Donald Trump doesnt get: America is great because America is good!" "So enough with the bigotry and the bombast Donald Trumps not offering real change hes offering empty promises And what are we offering? A bold agenda to improve the lives of people across our country to keep you safe to get you good jobs to get your kids the opportunities
enough with the bigotry and the bombast Donald Trumps not offering real change hes offering empty promises And what are we offering? A bold agenda to improve the lives of people across our country to keep you safe to get you good jobs to get your kids the opportunities they deserve." "The choice is clear my friends Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer fairer and stronger None of
the lives of people across our country to keep you safe to get you good jobs to get your kids the opportunities they deserve." "The choice is clear my friends Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer fairer and stronger None of us ever have or can do it alone I know that at a time when so much seems to be pulling us apart it can be hard to
you good jobs to get your kids the opportunities they deserve." "The choice is clear my friends Every generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer fairer and stronger None of us ever have or can do it alone I know that at a time when so much seems to be pulling us apart it can be hard to imagine how well ever pull together But Im here to tell you
generation of Americans has come together to make our country freer fairer and stronger None of us ever have or can do it alone I know that at a time when so much seems to be pulling us apart it can be hard to imagine how well ever pull together But Im here to tell you tonight progress is possible I know because Ive seen it in the lives of people across America who
have or can do it alone I know that at a time when so much seems to be pulling us apart it can be hard to imagine how well ever pull together But Im here to tell you tonight progress is possible I know because Ive seen it in the lives of people across America who get knocked down and get right back up." "And I know it from my own life More than
apart it can be hard to imagine how well ever pull together But Im here to tell you tonight progress is possible I know because Ive seen it in the lives of people across America who get knocked down and get right back up." "And I know it from my own life More than a few times Ive had to pick myself up and get back in the game." Like so much else in
lives of people across America who get knocked down and get right back up." "And I know it from my own life More than a few times Ive had to pick myself up and get back in the game." Like so much else in my life I got this from my mother too She never let me back down from any challenge When I tried to hide from a neighborhood bully she literally blocked the
own life More than a few times Ive had to pick myself up and get back in the game." Like so much else in my life I got this from my mother too She never let me back down from any challenge When I tried to hide from a neighborhood bully she literally blocked the door go back out there she said And she was right You have to stand up to bullies You have
back in the game." Like so much else in my life I got this from my mother too She never let me back down from any challenge When I tried to hide from a neighborhood bully she literally blocked the door go back out there she said And she was right You have to stand up to bullies You have to keep working to make things better even when the odds are long and
got this from my mother too She never let me back down from any challenge When I tried to hide from a neighborhood bully she literally blocked the door go back out there she said And she was right You have to stand up to bullies You have to keep working to make things better even when the odds are long and the opposition is fierce "We lost our mother a few years ago
too She never let me back down from any challenge When I tried to hide from a neighborhood bully she literally blocked the door go back out there she said And she was right You have to stand up to bullies You have to keep working to make things better even when the odds are long and the opposition is fierce "We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day
hide from a neighborhood bully she literally blocked the door go back out there she said And she was right You have to stand up to bullies You have to keep working to make things better even when the odds are long and the opposition is fierce "We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working keep fighting
she was right You have to stand up to bullies You have to keep working to make things better even when the odds are long and the opposition is fierce "We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working keep fighting for right no matter what Thats what we need to do together as a nation." And though
make things better even when the odds are long and the opposition is fierce "We lost our mother a few years ago but I miss her every day And I still hear her voice urging me to keep working keep fighting for right no matter what Thats what we need to do together as a nation." And though we may not live to see the glory as the song from the musical "Hamilton" goes
voice urging me to keep working keep fighting for right no matter what Thats what we need to do together as a nation." And though we may not live to see the glory as the song from the musical "Hamilton" goes let us gladly join the fight let our legacy be about planting seeds in a garden you never get to see Thats why were here not just in this hall but on this earth
the glory as the song from the musical "Hamilton" goes let us gladly join the fight let our legacy be about planting seeds in a garden you never get to see Thats why were here not just in this hall but on this earth The Founders showed us that and so have many others since They were drawn together by love of country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow
gladly join the fight let our legacy be about planting seeds in a garden you never get to see Thats why were here not just in this hall but on this earth The Founders showed us that and so have many others since They were drawn together by love of country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow That is the story of America And we begin a new chapter
get to see Thats why were here not just in this hall but on this earth The Founders showed us that and so have many others since They were drawn together by love of country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow That is the story of America And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to
on this earth The Founders showed us that and so have many others since They were drawn together by love of country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow That is the story of America And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to choose So lets be stronger together my fellow Americans!" "Lets look to the
us that and so have many others since They were drawn together by love of country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow That is the story of America And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to choose So lets be stronger together my fellow Americans!" "Lets look to the future with courage and confidence Lets build
They were drawn together by love of country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow That is the story of America And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to choose So lets be stronger together my fellow Americans!" "Lets look to the future with courage and confidence Lets build a better tomorrow for our beloved children
country and the selfless passion to build something better for all who follow That is the story of America And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to choose So lets be stronger together my fellow Americans!" "Lets look to the future with courage and confidence Lets build a better tomorrow for our beloved children and our beloved country And when we do
follow That is the story of America And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to choose So lets be stronger together my fellow Americans!" "Lets look to the future with courage and confidence Lets build a better tomorrow for our beloved children and our beloved country And when we do America will be greater than ever!" Thank you and may God bless
And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to choose So lets be stronger together my fellow Americans!" "Lets look to the future with courage and confidence Lets build a better tomorrow for our beloved children and our beloved country And when we do America will be greater than ever!" Thank you and may God bless you and the United States of America!
And we begin a new chapter tonight "Yes the world is watching what we do Yes Americas destiny is ours to choose So lets be stronger together my fellow Americans!" "Lets look to the future with courage and confidence Lets build a better tomorrow for our beloved children and our beloved country And when we do America will be greater than ever!" Thank you and may God bless you and the United States of America!
