"An addition toxa0Johnxa0Podestas previous statement in light of the latest newsxa0" xa0thatxa0Presidentxa0Peñaxa0Nietoxa0informedxa0Trumpxa0that he would not pay for the wall: "It turns outxa0Trumpxa0didnt just choke he got beat in the room and lied about it." "Donaldxa0Trumpxa0has made his outlandish policy of forcing Mexico to pay for his giant wall the centerpiece of his campaign But at the first opportunity to make good on his offensive campaign promisesxa0Trumpxa0choked What we saw today from a man who claims
just choke he got beat in the room and lied about it." "Donaldxa0Trumpxa0has made his outlandish policy of forcing Mexico to pay for his giant wall the centerpiece of his campaign But at the first opportunity to make good on his offensive campaign promisesxa0Trumpxa0choked What we saw today from a man who claims to be the ultimate deal maker is that he doesnt have the courage to advocate for his campaign promises when hes not
wall the centerpiece of his campaign But at the first opportunity to make good on his offensive campaign promisesxa0Trumpxa0choked What we saw today from a man who claims to be the ultimate deal maker is that he doesnt have the courage to advocate for his campaign promises when hes not in front of a friendly crowd We know who he is After todays trip we still know wherexa0Trumpxa0stands: an immigration plan that would deport 16
saw today from a man who claims to be the ultimate deal maker is that he doesnt have the courage to advocate for his campaign promises when hes not in front of a friendly crowd We know who he is After todays trip we still know wherexa0Trumpxa0stands: an immigration plan that would deport 16 million people end birthright citizenship repeal DACA/DAPA and build a $25 billion wall and stick the American taxpayers with the bill."
of a friendly crowd We know who he is After todays trip we still know wherexa0Trumpxa0stands: an immigration plan that would deport 16 million people end birthright citizenship repeal DACA/DAPA and build a $25 billion wall and stick the American taxpayers with the bill." TRUMP: "Were going to build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be
DACA/DAPA and build a $25 billion wall and stick the American taxpayers with the bill." TRUMP: "Were going to build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting
a $25 billion wall and stick the American taxpayers with the bill." TRUMP: "Were going to build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting worse now as
stick the American taxpayers with the bill." TRUMP: "Were going to build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting worse now as thousands of recent border crossers
bill." TRUMP: "Were going to build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting worse now as thousands of recent border crossers are being relocated to the State of
build the wall and Mexico is going to pay for the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting worse now as thousands of recent border crossers are being relocated to the State of Virginia and you dont know
Mexico is going to pay for the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting worse now as thousands of recent border crossers are being relocated to the State of Virginia and you dont know who they are
the wall believe me one hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting worse now as thousands of recent border crossers are being relocated to the State of Virginia and you dont know who they are you dont know where they come
hundred percent Believe me Thatll be very easy That will be very very easy Politicians think were joking we dont joke We dont joke This is a movement This is a movement and movements dont joke Believe me Its getting worse now as thousands of recent border crossers are being relocated to the State of Virginia and you dont know who they are you dont know where they come from." Trumpxa0Campaign Rally Fredericksburg VA
now as thousands of recent border crossers are being relocated to the State of Virginia and you dont know who they are you dont know where they come from." Trumpxa0Campaign Rally Fredericksburg VA 8/20/16; VIDEO 33:34 xa0"Responding to chants of Build that wallxa0Trumpxa0assured the crowd that he would seal the southern border a plan that is popular among his overwhelmingly white loyalists but offensive to many Latinos and Asians whose votes he needs in Colorado
wallxa0Trumpxa0assured the crowd that he would seal the southern border a plan that is popular among his overwhelmingly white loyalists but offensive to many Latinos and Asians whose votes he needs in Colorado Nevada and Florida Dont worry Were going to build the wall he said That wall will go up so fast your head will spin And youll say "You know he meant it." And you know what else I mean? Mexico is
would seal the southern border a plan that is popular among his overwhelmingly white loyalists but offensive to many Latinos and Asians whose votes he needs in Colorado Nevada and Florida Dont worry Were going to build the wall he said That wall will go up so fast your head will spin And youll say "You know he meant it." And you know what else I mean? Mexico is going to pay for the
popular among his overwhelmingly white loyalists but offensive to many Latinos and Asians whose votes he needs in Colorado Nevada and Florida Dont worry Were going to build the wall he said That wall will go up so fast your head will spin And youll say "You know he meant it." And you know what else I mean? Mexico is going to pay for the wall." Los Angeles Timesxa0 BLITZER: "If the -- if the
your head will spin And youll say "You know he meant it." And you know what else I mean? Mexico is going to pay for the wall." Los Angeles Timesxa0 BLITZER: "If the -- if the Mexicans dont pay for the wall will you start a trade war with Mexico?"xa0TRUMP: "Well you know I dont mind trade wars when were losing $58 billion a year you want to know the truth Were losing so much
Mexicans dont pay for the wall will you start a trade war with Mexico?"xa0TRUMP: "Well you know I dont mind trade wars when were losing $58 billion a year you want to know the truth Were losing so much Were losing so much with Mexico and China -- with China were losing $500 billion a year And then people say dont we want to trade? I dont mind trading but I dont want to
trade war with Mexico?"xa0TRUMP: "Well you know I dont mind trade wars when were losing $58 billion a year you want to know the truth Were losing so much Were losing so much with Mexico and China -- with China were losing $500 billion a year And then people say dont we want to trade? I dont mind trading but I dont want to lose $500 billion I dont want to lose $58 billion." Republican
you want to know the truth Were losing so much Were losing so much with Mexico and China -- with China were losing $500 billion a year And then people say dont we want to trade? I dont mind trading but I dont want to lose $500 billion I dont want to lose $58 billion." Republican Primary Debate Houston TX 2/25/16 xa0TRUMP: "We have a trade deficit with Mexico $58 billion a year The wall
$500 billion a year And then people say dont we want to trade? I dont mind trading but I dont want to lose $500 billion I dont want to lose $58 billion." Republican Primary Debate Houston TX 2/25/16 xa0TRUMP: "We have a trade deficit with Mexico $58 billion a year The wall is going to cost approximately $10 billion Believe me they will pay in one form or another--" MATTHEWS: "If not -- or else
but I dont want to lose $500 billion I dont want to lose $58 billion." Republican Primary Debate Houston TX 2/25/16 xa0TRUMP: "We have a trade deficit with Mexico $58 billion a year The wall is going to cost approximately $10 billion Believe me they will pay in one form or another--" MATTHEWS: "If not -- or else what?.. So we cut off Japan we cut off -- this is the -- this is your
$58 billion." Republican Primary Debate Houston TX 2/25/16 xa0TRUMP: "We have a trade deficit with Mexico $58 billion a year The wall is going to cost approximately $10 billion Believe me they will pay in one form or another--" MATTHEWS: "If not -- or else what?.. So we cut off Japan we cut off -- this is the -- this is your strategy in every case We could walk no more trade with Mexico." xa0TRUMP:
year The wall is going to cost approximately $10 billion Believe me they will pay in one form or another--" MATTHEWS: "If not -- or else what?.. So we cut off Japan we cut off -- this is the -- this is your strategy in every case We could walk no more trade with Mexico." xa0TRUMP: "You have to always-- Oh absolutely." MATTHEWS: "No more troops in Europe."TRUMP: xa0"And by the way when I
the -- this is your strategy in every case We could walk no more trade with Mexico." xa0TRUMP: "You have to always-- Oh absolutely." MATTHEWS: "No more troops in Europe."TRUMP: xa0"And by the way when I say no more trade once you -- once they know that you are really willing to go that extra length there will always be trade but well make good deals Were making the worst trade deals." MATTHEWS: "Yeah but
you -- once they know that you are really willing to go that extra length there will always be trade but well make good deals Were making the worst trade deals." MATTHEWS: "Yeah but the bottom line is always we walk."xa0TRUMP: "You have to be able to walk yes Its unlikely that youll have to but you have to be able to walk." MSNBC Town Hall MSNBC Green Bay WI 3/30/16; VIDEO 00:58:41 xa0WOODWARD:
yes Its unlikely that youll have to but you have to be able to walk." MSNBC Town Hall MSNBC Green Bay WI 3/30/16; VIDEO 00:58:41 xa0WOODWARD: "If they say no would you be willing to go to war to make sure we get the money to pay for this wall?"xa0TRUMP: "Trust me Bob when I rejuvenate our military Mexicos not going to be playing with us with war that I can tell you Mexico
make sure we get the money to pay for this wall?"xa0TRUMP: "Trust me Bob when I rejuvenate our military Mexicos not going to be playing with us with war that I can tell you Mexico isnt playing with us with war Look I have great relationships with the Mexican people Look you can see Im winning every single poll in these primaries when they go out when the polls come back with Hispanics I have
for this wall?"xa0TRUMP: "Trust me Bob when I rejuvenate our military Mexicos not going to be playing with us with war that I can tell you Mexico isnt playing with us with war Look I have great relationships with the Mexican people Look you can see Im winning every single poll in these primaries when they go out when the polls come back with Hispanics I have thousands of Hispanics that work for me and
be playing with us with war that I can tell you Mexico isnt playing with us with war Look I have great relationships with the Mexican people Look you can see Im winning every single poll in these primaries when they go out when the polls come back with Hispanics I have thousands of Hispanics that work for me and tens of thousands that have worked for me over the years." Morning Joe MSNBC 3/9/16
be playing with us with war that I can tell you Mexico isnt playing with us with war Look I have great relationships with the Mexican people Look you can see Im winning every single poll in these primaries when they go out when the polls come back with Hispanics I have thousands of Hispanics that work for me and tens of thousands that have worked for me over the years." Morning Joe MSNBC 3/9/16
