"A retired auto worker and a new U.S citizen on why theyre for Hillary Clinton." "Social Security Im 62 and I still feel like Ive got a lot of life and a lot of volunteering to do—and I still gotta get paid Saving our pensions saving social security paying our student loans." "The 2008 auto bailout After everything that we invested in the auto industry to have it come to that Thats when I got
"A retired auto worker and a new U.S citizen on why theyre for Hillary Clinton." "Social Security Im 62 and I still feel like Ive got a lot of life and a lot of volunteering to do—and I still gotta get paid Saving our pensions saving social security paying our student loans." "The 2008 auto bailout After everything that we invested in the auto industry to have it come to that Thats when I got
"A retired auto worker and a new U.S citizen on why theyre for Hillary Clinton." "Social Security Im 62 and I still feel like Ive got a lot of life and a lot of volunteering to do—and I still gotta get paid Saving our pensions saving social security paying our student loans." "The 2008 auto bailout After everything that we invested in the auto industry to have it come to that Thats when I got
for Hillary Clinton." "Social Security Im 62 and I still feel like Ive got a lot of life and a lot of volunteering to do—and I still gotta get paid Saving our pensions saving social security paying our student loans." "The 2008 auto bailout After everything that we invested in the auto industry to have it come to that Thats when I got heavily involved and realized the seriousness of this situation." "Shes a
a lot of life and a lot of volunteering to do—and I still gotta get paid Saving our pensions saving social security paying our student loans." "The 2008 auto bailout After everything that we invested in the auto industry to have it come to that Thats when I got heavily involved and realized the seriousness of this situation." "Shes a sister I dont mean African American—a sister meaning a female that understands my pain Who
Saving our pensions saving social security paying our student loans." "The 2008 auto bailout After everything that we invested in the auto industry to have it come to that Thats when I got heavily involved and realized the seriousness of this situation." "Shes a sister I dont mean African American—a sister meaning a female that understands my pain Who understands labor and then that your kids—once they grow up you know—theyre still getting paid
After everything that we invested in the auto industry to have it come to that Thats when I got heavily involved and realized the seriousness of this situation." "Shes a sister I dont mean African American—a sister meaning a female that understands my pain Who understands labor and then that your kids—once they grow up you know—theyre still getting paid minimum wage Shes in touch with being a parent Shes got more to offer because
when I got heavily involved and realized the seriousness of this situation." "Shes a sister I dont mean African American—a sister meaning a female that understands my pain Who understands labor and then that your kids—once they grow up you know—theyre still getting paid minimum wage Shes in touch with being a parent Shes got more to offer because she is a mother She feels that mother-child bond and shes a new grandmother so
"Shes a sister I dont mean African American—a sister meaning a female that understands my pain Who understands labor and then that your kids—once they grow up you know—theyre still getting paid minimum wage Shes in touch with being a parent Shes got more to offer because she is a mother She feels that mother-child bond and shes a new grandmother so that triples how she feels about children and their welfare I like everything
meaning a female that understands my pain Who understands labor and then that your kids—once they grow up you know—theyre still getting paid minimum wage Shes in touch with being a parent Shes got more to offer because she is a mother She feels that mother-child bond and shes a new grandmother so that triples how she feels about children and their welfare I like everything about Hillary I like her strength even though
they grow up you know—theyre still getting paid minimum wage Shes in touch with being a parent Shes got more to offer because she is a mother She feels that mother-child bond and shes a new grandmother so that triples how she feels about children and their welfare I like everything about Hillary I like her strength even though she went through some challenges She stood strong stood firm as a woman She carried the
with being a parent Shes got more to offer because she is a mother She feels that mother-child bond and shes a new grandmother so that triples how she feels about children and their welfare I like everything about Hillary I like her strength even though she went through some challenges She stood strong stood firm as a woman She carried the banner that much higher." "I came to America as an immigrantxa0seven years agoxa0when
offer because she is a mother She feels that mother-child bond and shes a new grandmother so that triples how she feels about children and their welfare I like everything about Hillary I like her strength even though she went through some challenges She stood strong stood firm as a woman She carried the banner that much higher." "I came to America as an immigrantxa0seven years agoxa0when I was 14 and I became a citizen
bond and shes a new grandmother so that triples how she feels about children and their welfare I like everything about Hillary I like her strength even though she went through some challenges She stood strong stood firm as a woman She carried the banner that much higher." "I came to America as an immigrantxa0seven years agoxa0when I was 14 and I became a citizen a few years ago The first time I voted
like everything about Hillary I like her strength even though she went through some challenges She stood strong stood firm as a woman She carried the banner that much higher." "I came to America as an immigrantxa0seven years agoxa0when I was 14 and I became a citizen a few years ago The first time I voted was the election of 2014—the local election—and I voted in the primary this year And Ill be voting
She carried the banner that much higher." "I came to America as an immigrantxa0seven years agoxa0when I was 14 and I became a citizen a few years ago The first time I voted was the election of 2014—the local election—and I voted in the primary this year And Ill be voting in every election from now on Practicing this democratic role is essential for us as citizens to express our views and its a very
agoxa0when I was 14 and I became a citizen a few years ago The first time I voted was the election of 2014—the local election—and I voted in the primary this year And Ill be voting in every election from now on Practicing this democratic role is essential for us as citizens to express our views and its a very important thing to practice voting We have to be active players." "Shes the most
I voted was the election of 2014—the local election—and I voted in the primary this year And Ill be voting in every election from now on Practicing this democratic role is essential for us as citizens to express our views and its a very important thing to practice voting We have to be active players." "Shes the most qualified She was first lady for eight years senator secretary of state She knows whats going on
Ill be voting in every election from now on Practicing this democratic role is essential for us as citizens to express our views and its a very important thing to practice voting We have to be active players." "Shes the most qualified She was first lady for eight years senator secretary of state She knows whats going on in the country and the world And we need somebody who accepts everybody America is all
this democratic role is essential for us as citizens to express our views and its a very important thing to practice voting We have to be active players." "Shes the most qualified She was first lady for eight years senator secretary of state She knows whats going on in the country and the world And we need somebody who accepts everybody America is all about diversity immigrants—its not about excluding people We need it to
our views and its a very important thing to practice voting We have to be active players." "Shes the most qualified She was first lady for eight years senator secretary of state She knows whats going on in the country and the world And we need somebody who accepts everybody America is all about diversity immigrants—its not about excluding people We need it to be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I
practice voting We have to be active players." "Shes the most qualified She was first lady for eight years senator secretary of state She knows whats going on in the country and the world And we need somebody who accepts everybody America is all about diversity immigrants—its not about excluding people We need it to be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I immigrated I didnt speak the language and I didnt
the most qualified She was first lady for eight years senator secretary of state She knows whats going on in the country and the world And we need somebody who accepts everybody America is all about diversity immigrants—its not about excluding people We need it to be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I immigrated I didnt speak the language and I didnt know anything about the U.S It was a
secretary of state She knows whats going on in the country and the world And we need somebody who accepts everybody America is all about diversity immigrants—its not about excluding people We need it to be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I immigrated I didnt speak the language and I didnt know anything about the U.S It was a very challenging thing .. I was able to learn the language and
we need somebody who accepts everybody America is all about diversity immigrants—its not about excluding people We need it to be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I immigrated I didnt speak the language and I didnt know anything about the U.S It was a very challenging thing .. I was able to learn the language and become a citizen And now I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a
immigrants—its not about excluding people We need it to be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I immigrated I didnt speak the language and I didnt know anything about the U.S It was a very challenging thing .. I was able to learn the language and become a citizen And now I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country
excluding people We need it to be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I immigrated I didnt speak the language and I didnt know anything about the U.S It was a very challenging thing .. I was able to learn the language and become a citizen And now I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country that gave me everything
be united always and forever." "I was born blind When I immigrated I didnt speak the language and I didnt know anything about the U.S It was a very challenging thing .. I was able to learn the language and become a citizen And now I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country that gave me everything Im involved in local politics: Im
didnt know anything about the U.S It was a very challenging thing .. I was able to learn the language and become a citizen And now I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country that gave me everything Im involved in local politics: Im running for the Dearborn Board of Education in November Im so proud to give back to the country
and become a citizen And now I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country that gave me everything Im involved in local politics: Im running for the Dearborn Board of Education in November Im so proud to give back to the country that gave me everything I needed; that gave me opportunity gave me dignity I always say: I wish nothing but the
I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country that gave me everything Im involved in local politics: Im running for the Dearborn Board of Education in November Im so proud to give back to the country that gave me everything I needed; that gave me opportunity gave me dignity I always say: I wish nothing but the greatest for America God bless America."
I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country that gave me everything Im involved in local politics: Im running for the Dearborn Board of Education in November Im so proud to give back to the country that gave me everything I needed; that gave me opportunity gave me dignity I always say: I wish nothing but the greatest for America God bless America."
I use that motivation in my schooling; Im a 4.0 student." "Im so proud to live in America a country that gave me everything Im involved in local politics: Im running for the Dearborn Board of Education in November Im so proud to give back to the country that gave me everything I needed; that gave me opportunity gave me dignity I always say: I wish nothing but the greatest for America God bless America."
