A high school master class in political science "At 17 Patrick North has never cast a ballot or participated in a caucus before But that didnt stop him from becoming one of the most dedicated volunteers for Hillary Clintons campaign in Oskaloosa Iowa—long before the Iowa caucus takes place on February 1." Why work your heart out for a presidential candidate at such a young age? "Because I strongly support her ideas" Patrick says "And
A high school master class in political science "At 17 Patrick North has never cast a ballot or participated in a caucus before But that didnt stop him from becoming one of the most dedicated volunteers for Hillary Clintons campaign in Oskaloosa Iowa—long before the Iowa caucus takes place on February 1." Why work your heart out for a presidential candidate at such a young age? "Because I strongly support her ideas" Patrick says "And
North has never cast a ballot or participated in a caucus before But that didnt stop him from becoming one of the most dedicated volunteers for Hillary Clintons campaign in Oskaloosa Iowa—long before the Iowa caucus takes place on February 1." Why work your heart out for a presidential candidate at such a young age? "Because I strongly support her ideas" Patrick says "And its the best I can do to make sure she gets
Why work your heart out for a presidential candidate at such a young age? "Because I strongly support her ideas" Patrick says "And its the best I can do to make sure she gets in office." "Patrick didnt followed politics until some older friends invited him to join a local young Democrats organization Thats where he learned one of the essential skills of campaigning: phone banking." "The first time I picked up a phone at
sure she gets in office." "Patrick didnt followed politics until some older friends invited him to join a local young Democrats organization Thats where he learned one of the essential skills of campaigning: phone banking." "The first time I picked up a phone at a phone bank was slightly terrifying" Patrick says "I remember that my hands were shaking a little bit My voice was a little shaky too but I asked that person
Democrats organization Thats where he learned one of the essential skills of campaigning: phone banking." "The first time I picked up a phone at a phone bank was slightly terrifying" Patrick says "I remember that my hands were shaking a little bit My voice was a little shaky too but I asked that person how they were doing and some questions about the caucus And I made it through that phone call." "Patrick has
first time I picked up a phone at a phone bank was slightly terrifying" Patrick says "I remember that my hands were shaking a little bit My voice was a little shaky too but I asked that person how they were doing and some questions about the caucus And I made it through that phone call." "Patrick has now talked to more than 150 Iowa caucus-goers on the phone and knocked on nearly as
My voice was a little shaky too but I asked that person how they were doing and some questions about the caucus And I made it through that phone call." "Patrick has now talked to more than 150 Iowa caucus-goers on the phone and knocked on nearly as many doors in his community At school he tries to persuade his friends and classmates to get interested in the political process that kicks off right in
phone call." "Patrick has now talked to more than 150 Iowa caucus-goers on the phone and knocked on nearly as many doors in his community At school he tries to persuade his friends and classmates to get interested in the political process that kicks off right in their backyards Many of his fellow classmates will be able to caucus this year: As long as you turn 18 before the general election on November 8
and classmates to get interested in the political process that kicks off right in their backyards Many of his fellow classmates will be able to caucus this year: As long as you turn 18 before the general election on November 8 youre eligible to caucus in Iowa." "I like to keep my friends interested and informed" says Patrick "They know Im involved in the campaign so they ask me about issues." Theyve talked about
the general election on November 8 youre eligible to caucus in Iowa." "I like to keep my friends interested and informed" says Patrick "They know Im involved in the campaign so they ask me about issues." Theyve talked about gun violence prevention equality and—unsurprisingly for a group of high school students—college affordability "Patrick wants to study biochemical engineering at Iowa State University after he graduates and under Hillarys New College Compact hed be able to
ask me about issues." Theyve talked about gun violence prevention equality and—unsurprisingly for a group of high school students—college affordability "Patrick wants to study biochemical engineering at Iowa State University after he graduates and under Hillarys New College Compact hed be able to attend college without taking out loans to pay for his tuition Thats something hes very excited about—and thinks his peers should know about too." "Shes going to be a good president
College Compact hed be able to attend college without taking out loans to pay for his tuition Thats something hes very excited about—and thinks his peers should know about too." "Shes going to be a good president because she has a plan to make sure that college is going to cost a lot less for younger people like me" he says "Hillary isnt ignoring young people and she isnt ignoring Iowa Shes listening to us."
College Compact hed be able to attend college without taking out loans to pay for his tuition Thats something hes very excited about—and thinks his peers should know about too." "Shes going to be a good president because she has a plan to make sure that college is going to cost a lot less for younger people like me" he says "Hillary isnt ignoring young people and she isnt ignoring Iowa Shes listening to us."
College Compact hed be able to attend college without taking out loans to pay for his tuition Thats something hes very excited about—and thinks his peers should know about too." "Shes going to be a good president because she has a plan to make sure that college is going to cost a lot less for younger people like me" he says "Hillary isnt ignoring young people and she isnt ignoring Iowa Shes listening to us."
