"Theres a story behind this unusual campaign stop." Three days after announcing she was running for president Hillary Clinton met a young man named Bryce Smith who owns a bowling alley in Adel Iowa He told her a story that stuck with her: The bowling alley has been a community gathering place in Adel since 1957 Bryce worked there part time for years before he had the opportunity to purchase it as a fresh college
Three days after announcing she was running for president Hillary Clinton met a young man named Bryce Smith who owns a bowling alley in Adel Iowa He told her a story that stuck with her: The bowling alley has been a community gathering place in Adel since 1957 Bryce worked there part time for years before he had the opportunity to purchase it as a fresh college graduate of the University of Northern Iowa
Adel Iowa He told her a story that stuck with her: The bowling alley has been a community gathering place in Adel since 1957 Bryce worked there part time for years before he had the opportunity to purchase it as a fresh college graduate of the University of Northern Iowa And although Bryce is thrilled to be a new small-business owner—doing something he loves—he also has nearly $40000 of student debt to repay In
Bryce worked there part time for years before he had the opportunity to purchase it as a fresh college graduate of the University of Northern Iowa And although Bryce is thrilled to be a new small-business owner—doing something he loves—he also has nearly $40000 of student debt to repay In fact his student loans are his biggest business expense " New college graduates they may not want to go to big corporations for 10 15
fresh college graduate of the University of Northern Iowa And although Bryce is thrilled to be a new small-business owner—doing something he loves—he also has nearly $40000 of student debt to repay In fact his student loans are his biggest business expense " New college graduates they may not want to go to big corporations for 10 15 20 years before they start their business A lot of us have .. fresh ideas that
a new small-business owner—doing something he loves—he also has nearly $40000 of student debt to repay In fact his student loans are his biggest business expense " New college graduates they may not want to go to big corporations for 10 15 20 years before they start their business A lot of us have .. fresh ideas that we want to do now and we have the motivation too .. So thats my biggest thing
repay In fact his student loans are his biggest business expense " New college graduates they may not want to go to big corporations for 10 15 20 years before they start their business A lot of us have .. fresh ideas that we want to do now and we have the motivation too .. So thats my biggest thing is the barrier of entry and financing." " This is a really important point
expense " New college graduates they may not want to go to big corporations for 10 15 20 years before they start their business A lot of us have .. fresh ideas that we want to do now and we have the motivation too .. So thats my biggest thing is the barrier of entry and financing." " This is a really important point We all know about the student loan debt but Ive
not want to go to big corporations for 10 15 20 years before they start their business A lot of us have .. fresh ideas that we want to do now and we have the motivation too .. So thats my biggest thing is the barrier of entry and financing." " This is a really important point We all know about the student loan debt but Ive never heard anyone so persuasively link it to
20 years before they start their business A lot of us have .. fresh ideas that we want to do now and we have the motivation too .. So thats my biggest thing is the barrier of entry and financing." " This is a really important point We all know about the student loan debt but Ive never heard anyone so persuasively link it to the slowdown in business startups .. weve got to tackle
and we have the motivation too .. So thats my biggest thing is the barrier of entry and financing." " This is a really important point We all know about the student loan debt but Ive never heard anyone so persuasively link it to the slowdown in business startups .. weve got to tackle this student debt problem .. Youve given me an insight that nobody else has." "As promised Hillary came to Bryces bowling
is the barrier of entry and financing." " This is a really important point We all know about the student loan debt but Ive never heard anyone so persuasively link it to the slowdown in business startups .. weve got to tackle this student debt problem .. Youve given me an insight that nobody else has." "As promised Hillary came to Bryces bowling alley in Adel to talk about what we can do to help
and financing." " This is a really important point We all know about the student loan debt but Ive never heard anyone so persuasively link it to the slowdown in business startups .. weve got to tackle this student debt problem .. Youve given me an insight that nobody else has." "As promised Hillary came to Bryces bowling alley in Adel to talk about what we can do to help young people achieve their
is a really important point We all know about the student loan debt but Ive never heard anyone so persuasively link it to the slowdown in business startups .. weve got to tackle this student debt problem .. Youve given me an insight that nobody else has." "As promised Hillary came to Bryces bowling alley in Adel to talk about what we can do to help young people achieve their dreams—and that includes " "Bryces
persuasively link it to the slowdown in business startups .. weve got to tackle this student debt problem .. Youve given me an insight that nobody else has." "As promised Hillary came to Bryces bowling alley in Adel to talk about what we can do to help young people achieve their dreams—and that includes " "Bryces story is so touching" Hillary said "This is the community where he grew up this is where he
me an insight that nobody else has." "As promised Hillary came to Bryces bowling alley in Adel to talk about what we can do to help young people achieve their dreams—and that includes " "Bryces story is so touching" Hillary said "This is the community where he grew up this is where he worked as a young man high school and college and he cared so much about what this business provided to Adel ..
what we can do to help young people achieve their dreams—and that includes " "Bryces story is so touching" Hillary said "This is the community where he grew up this is where he worked as a young man high school and college and he cared so much about what this business provided to Adel .. He was describing his dream of someday owning it and then getting his chance to try to do that and
so touching" Hillary said "This is the community where he grew up this is where he worked as a young man high school and college and he cared so much about what this business provided to Adel .. He was describing his dream of someday owning it and then getting his chance to try to do that and what he wanted to build because of it That is the American Dream." "Thats the basic bargain
he worked as a young man high school and college and he cared so much about what this business provided to Adel .. He was describing his dream of someday owning it and then getting his chance to try to do that and what he wanted to build because of it That is the American Dream." "Thats the basic bargain of America: You work hard you do your part you can get ahead and
his dream of someday owning it and then getting his chance to try to do that and what he wanted to build because of it That is the American Dream." "Thats the basic bargain of America: You work hard you do your part you can get ahead and stay ahead But were making it awfully hard today—and particularly for young people—because whats happened is so many young people are .. not getting on those first
of it That is the American Dream." "Thats the basic bargain of America: You work hard you do your part you can get ahead and stay ahead But were making it awfully hard today—and particularly for young people—because whats happened is so many young people are .. not getting on those first rungs of the opportunity ladder and its made doubly hard if they are burdened by student debt." Hillary will fight to make
America: You work hard you do your part you can get ahead and stay ahead But were making it awfully hard today—and particularly for young people—because whats happened is so many young people are .. not getting on those first rungs of the opportunity ladder and its made doubly hard if they are burdened by student debt." Hillary will fight to make sure every young person has the chance to follow his or her dreams
