"Shes shown us what kind of person she is—and what kind of president shell be." My constituents have been drinking washing and bathing in poisoned water Fifty-six percent of Flint residents are African American and the majority of people in this city live below the poverty line In March 2014 almost two years before I was elected officials decided to get our water from the Flint River But the Flint River eroded our lead pipes
"Shes shown us what kind of person she is—and what kind of president shell be." My constituents have been drinking washing and bathing in poisoned water Fifty-six percent of Flint residents are African American and the majority of people in this city live below the poverty line In March 2014 almost two years before I was elected officials decided to get our water from the Flint River But the Flint River eroded our lead pipes
washing and bathing in poisoned water Fifty-six percent of Flint residents are African American and the majority of people in this city live below the poverty line In March 2014 almost two years before I was elected officials decided to get our water from the Flint River But the Flint River eroded our lead pipes and that lead seeped into our water In children lead poisoning leads directly to learning disorders and developmental delay
of people in this city live below the poverty line In March 2014 almost two years before I was elected officials decided to get our water from the Flint River But the Flint River eroded our lead pipes and that lead seeped into our water In children lead poisoning leads directly to learning disorders and developmental delay "The number of children suffering from lead poisoning has doubled and 10 people have died from Legionnaires disease—most
two years before I was elected officials decided to get our water from the Flint River But the Flint River eroded our lead pipes and that lead seeped into our water In children lead poisoning leads directly to learning disorders and developmental delay "The number of children suffering from lead poisoning has doubled and 10 people have died from Legionnaires disease—most likely because of our poisoned water." People deserve to know how this happened
that lead seeped into our water In children lead poisoning leads directly to learning disorders and developmental delay "The number of children suffering from lead poisoning has doubled and 10 people have died from Legionnaires disease—most likely because of our poisoned water." People deserve to know how this happened and officials need to be held accountable Only one presidential candidate—Democrat or Republican—has reached out and asked "What can I do? How can I help?"
people have died from Legionnaires disease—most likely because of our poisoned water." People deserve to know how this happened and officials need to be held accountable Only one presidential candidate—Democrat or Republican—has reached out and asked "What can I do? How can I help?" And thats Hillary Clinton "Hillary is worried about the kids here She saw the effects lead poisoning can have on children during her time as a senator from New York
to know how this happened and officials need to be held accountable Only one presidential candidate—Democrat or Republican—has reached out and asked "What can I do? How can I help?" And thats Hillary Clinton "Hillary is worried about the kids here She saw the effects lead poisoning can have on children during her time as a senator from New York Its ugly She wants to help." She rolled up her sleeves and got to work
one presidential candidate—Democrat or Republican—has reached out and asked "What can I do? How can I help?" And thats Hillary Clinton "Hillary is worried about the kids here She saw the effects lead poisoning can have on children during her time as a senator from New York Its ugly She wants to help." She rolled up her sleeves and got to work Hillary sent campaign staff to Flint and they came back and said "Heres
I do? How can I help?" And thats Hillary Clinton "Hillary is worried about the kids here She saw the effects lead poisoning can have on children during her time as a senator from New York Its ugly She wants to help." She rolled up her sleeves and got to work Hillary sent campaign staff to Flint and they came back and said "Heres what I see going on." She talked about the issue
thats Hillary Clinton "Hillary is worried about the kids here She saw the effects lead poisoning can have on children during her time as a senator from New York Its ugly She wants to help." She rolled up her sleeves and got to work Hillary sent campaign staff to Flint and they came back and said "Heres what I see going on." She talked about the issue on Rachel Maddows show calling on the governor
She wants to help." She rolled up her sleeves and got to work Hillary sent campaign staff to Flint and they came back and said "Heres what I see going on." She talked about the issue on Rachel Maddows show calling on the governor to reach out to President Obama and to immediately set up a health monitoring and surveillance system And she closed the Democratic debate on Sunday by expressing her outrage calling
about the issue on Rachel Maddows show calling on the governor to reach out to President Obama and to immediately set up a health monitoring and surveillance system And she closed the Democratic debate on Sunday by expressing her outrage calling national attention to our struggle "Shes been doing her part to keep everything moving forward so we can get help to the people who need it." "Hillary is the kind of friend you
and surveillance system And she closed the Democratic debate on Sunday by expressing her outrage calling national attention to our struggle "Shes been doing her part to keep everything moving forward so we can get help to the people who need it." "Hillary is the kind of friend you want in the White House And in fact shes the exact friend we need in the White House Because this isnt something thats going to go
doing her part to keep everything moving forward so we can get help to the people who need it." "Hillary is the kind of friend you want in the White House And in fact shes the exact friend we need in the White House Because this isnt something thats going to go away We need a fighter." "We need someone there fighting for the city of Flint making sure were getting what we need Hillary
get help to the people who need it." "Hillary is the kind of friend you want in the White House And in fact shes the exact friend we need in the White House Because this isnt something thats going to go away We need a fighter." "We need someone there fighting for the city of Flint making sure were getting what we need Hillary has shown us thats what kind of person she is—and what
friend you want in the White House And in fact shes the exact friend we need in the White House Because this isnt something thats going to go away We need a fighter." "We need someone there fighting for the city of Flint making sure were getting what we need Hillary has shown us thats what kind of person she is—and what kind of president shell be." "She gets results And thats what we need."
friend you want in the White House And in fact shes the exact friend we need in the White House Because this isnt something thats going to go away We need a fighter." "We need someone there fighting for the city of Flint making sure were getting what we need Hillary has shown us thats what kind of person she is—and what kind of president shell be." "She gets results And thats what we need."
friend you want in the White House And in fact shes the exact friend we need in the White House Because this isnt something thats going to go away We need a fighter." "We need someone there fighting for the city of Flint making sure were getting what we need Hillary has shown us thats what kind of person she is—and what kind of president shell be." "She gets results And thats what we need."
