"Thank you Your Eminence Your Excellencies members of the clergy Al and Nan Smith Donald and Melania and all the distinguished guests "You know earlier tonight Al reminded me that when the first Al Smith ran for presi-dent he chose as his running mate the progressive senator from Arkansas Joseph T Robinson who was one of my husbands political heroes." "This work that you do through the dinner — Al youve done it now for
"Thank you Your Eminence Your Excellencies members of the clergy Al and Nan Smith Donald and Melania and all the distinguished guests "You know earlier tonight Al reminded me that when the first Al Smith ran for presi-dent he chose as his running mate the progressive senator from Arkansas Joseph T Robinson who was one of my husbands political heroes." "This work that you do through the dinner — Al youve done it now for
"Thank you Your Eminence Your Excellencies members of the clergy Al and Nan Smith Donald and Melania and all the distinguished guests "You know earlier tonight Al reminded me that when the first Al Smith ran for presi-dent he chose as his running mate the progressive senator from Arkansas Joseph T Robinson who was one of my husbands political heroes." "This work that you do through the dinner — Al youve done it now for
the first Al Smith ran for presi-dent he chose as his running mate the progressive senator from Arkansas Joseph T Robinson who was one of my husbands political heroes." "This work that you do through the dinner — Al youve done it now for 30 — 30 years — is such a labor of love Youve been a hero for both the children of the archdiocese and for the city of New York And I
political heroes." "This work that you do through the dinner — Al youve done it now for 30 — 30 years — is such a labor of love Youve been a hero for both the children of the archdiocese and for the city of New York And I think we all owe Al Smith a great great round of applause." This is such a special event that I took a break from my rigorous
labor of love Youve been a hero for both the children of the archdiocese and for the city of New York And I think we all owe Al Smith a great great round of applause." This is such a special event that I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here "And as youve already heard its a treat for all of you too because usually I charge a lot for speeches
is such a special event that I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here "And as youve already heard its a treat for all of you too because usually I charge a lot for speeches like this." "But for me it was kind of ironic thinking about a fiery populist Al Smith If he were here today and saw how much money weve raised for needy children hed be very
for me it was kind of ironic thinking about a fiery populist Al Smith If he were here today and saw how much money weve raised for needy children hed be very proud." "And if he saw this magnificent room full of plutocrats celebrating his legacy hed be very confused." Its a special honor to be here with Your Eminence Now I know Your Eminence you were criticized for inviting both Donald and me
Its a special honor to be here with Your Eminence Now I know Your Eminence you were criticized for inviting both Donald and me here tonight and you responded by saying "If I only sat down with those who were saints Id be taking all my meals alone." "Now just to be clear I think the Cardinal is saying Im not eligible for sainthood But getting through these three debates with Donald has to
were saints Id be taking all my meals alone." "Now just to be clear I think the Cardinal is saying Im not eligible for sainthood But getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle." "So I guess Im up against the highest hardest stained-glass ceiling But Your Eminence you deserve great credit for bringing together two people whove been at each others throats — mortal enemies bitter foes; Ive got
the highest hardest stained-glass ceiling But Your Eminence you deserve great credit for bringing together two people whove been at each others throats — mortal enemies bitter foes; Ive got to ask how did you get the governor and mayor here together tonight?" "Now Ive got to say there are a lot of friendly faces here in this room; people that Ive been privileged to know and to work with I just want to put
say there are a lot of friendly faces here in this room; people that Ive been privileged to know and to work with I just want to put you all in a basket of adorables." And you look so good in your tuxes; or as I refer to them formal pantsuits And you know because this is a friendly dinner for such a great cause; Donald if at any time you dont like what
basket of adorables." And you look so good in your tuxes; or as I refer to them formal pantsuits And you know because this is a friendly dinner for such a great cause; Donald if at any time you dont like what Im saying feel free to stand up and shout "Wrong!" while Im talking "You know come to think of it its amazing Im up here after Donald I didnt think hed be
a friendly dinner for such a great cause; Donald if at any time you dont like what Im saying feel free to stand up and shout "Wrong!" while Im talking "You know come to think of it its amazing Im up here after Donald I didnt think hed be okay with a peaceful transition of power." And Donald after listening to your speech I will also enjoy listening to Mike Pence deny that you
up and shout "Wrong!" while Im talking "You know come to think of it its amazing Im up here after Donald I didnt think hed be okay with a peaceful transition of power." And Donald after listening to your speech I will also enjoy listening to Mike Pence deny that you ever gave it "You know Ive had the privilege of being at the Al Smith dinners in years past and I always enjoy it
with a peaceful transition of power." And Donald after listening to your speech I will also enjoy listening to Mike Pence deny that you ever gave it "You know Ive had the privilege of being at the Al Smith dinners in years past and I always enjoy it But remember if youre not happy with the way it comes out it must be rigged." "And its always a special treat for me to be back
of being at the Al Smith dinners in years past and I always enjoy it But remember if youre not happy with the way it comes out it must be rigged." "And its always a special treat for me to be back in New York; a city that I love and which I think truly embodies the best of America You know — dont you think?" People look at the Statue of Liberty and they
back in New York; a city that I love and which I think truly embodies the best of America You know — dont you think?" People look at the Statue of Liberty and they see a proud symbol of our history as a nation of immigrants a beacon of hope for people around the world Donald looks at the Statue of Liberty and sees a "four." Maybe a "five" if she loses the torch
of Liberty and they see a proud symbol of our history as a nation of immigrants a beacon of hope for people around the world Donald looks at the Statue of Liberty and sees a "four." Maybe a "five" if she loses the torch and tablet and changes her hair You know come to think of it you know what would be a good number for a woman? Forty-five "But I digress Now Im going
around the world Donald looks at the Statue of Liberty and sees a "four." Maybe a "five" if she loses the torch and tablet and changes her hair You know come to think of it you know what would be a good number for a woman? Forty-five "But I digress Now Im going to try my best tonight but I understand I am not known for my sense of humor Thats why it did take
sees a "four." Maybe a "five" if she loses the torch and tablet and changes her hair You know come to think of it you know what would be a good number for a woman? Forty-five "But I digress Now Im going to try my best tonight but I understand I am not known for my sense of humor Thats why it did take a village to write these jokes." "People say — and I
tablet and changes her hair You know come to think of it you know what would be a good number for a woman? Forty-five "But I digress Now Im going to try my best tonight but I understand I am not known for my sense of humor Thats why it did take a village to write these jokes." "People say — and I hear them I know — they say Im boring compared to
"But I digress Now Im going to try my best tonight but I understand I am not known for my sense of humor Thats why it did take a village to write these jokes." "People say — and I hear them I know — they say Im boring compared to Donald But Im not boring at all In fact Im the life of every party I attend and Ive been to three." "And when
known for my sense of humor Thats why it did take a village to write these jokes." "People say — and I hear them I know — they say Im boring compared to Donald But Im not boring at all In fact Im the life of every party I attend and Ive been to three." "And when the parties get out of hand as occasionally they do its important to have a responsible chaperone
them I know — they say Im boring compared to Donald But Im not boring at all In fact Im the life of every party I attend and Ive been to three." "And when the parties get out of hand as occasionally they do its important to have a responsible chaperone who can get everyone home safely And that is why I picked Tim Kaine to be my Vice President." "Now you notice there
of hand as occasionally they do its important to have a responsible chaperone who can get everyone home safely And that is why I picked Tim Kaine to be my Vice President." "Now you notice there is no teleprompter here tonight which is probably smart because maybe you saw Donald dismantle his prompter the other day And I get that Theyre hard to keep up with and Im sure its even harder when youre translating
is why I picked Tim Kaine to be my Vice President." "Now you notice there is no teleprompter here tonight which is probably smart because maybe you saw Donald dismantle his prompter the other day And I get that Theyre hard to keep up with and Im sure its even harder when youre translating from the original Russian." But every year this dinner brings together a collection of sensible committed main-stream Republicans — or
because maybe you saw Donald dismantle his prompter the other day And I get that Theyre hard to keep up with and Im sure its even harder when youre translating from the original Russian." But every year this dinner brings together a collection of sensible committed main-stream Republicans — or as we now like to call them — Hillary supporters Now some of my critics — and I hear that too — Yeah Yeah "They
translating from the original Russian." But every year this dinner brings together a collection of sensible committed main-stream Republicans — or as we now like to call them — Hillary supporters Now some of my critics — and I hear that too — Yeah Yeah "They think I only say what people want to hear Well tonight that is true And heres exactly what you want to hear — this election will be over very
year this dinner brings together a collection of sensible committed main-stream Republicans — or as we now like to call them — Hillary supporters Now some of my critics — and I hear that too — Yeah Yeah "They think I only say what people want to hear Well tonight that is true And heres exactly what you want to hear — this election will be over very very soon." "And look at this dais
collection of sensible committed main-stream Republicans — or as we now like to call them — Hillary supporters Now some of my critics — and I hear that too — Yeah Yeah "They think I only say what people want to hear Well tonight that is true And heres exactly what you want to hear — this election will be over very very soon." "And look at this dais — weve got Charlie Rose
or as we now like to call them — Hillary supporters Now some of my critics — and I hear that too — Yeah Yeah "They think I only say what people want to hear Well tonight that is true And heres exactly what you want to hear — this election will be over very very soon." "And look at this dais — weve got Charlie Rose and Maria Bartiromo and Chris Mat-thews and Gayle
want to hear Well tonight that is true And heres exactly what you want to hear — this election will be over very very soon." "And look at this dais — weve got Charlie Rose and Maria Bartiromo and Chris Mat-thews and Gayle King and Norah ODonnell and Katie Couric — this counts as a press conference right?" It is great also to see Mayor Bloomberg here "Its a shame hes not speaking tonight Im
Charlie Rose and Maria Bartiromo and Chris Mat-thews and Gayle King and Norah ODonnell and Katie Couric — this counts as a press conference right?" It is great also to see Mayor Bloomberg here "Its a shame hes not speaking tonight Im curious to hear what a billionaire has to say." "And look at the dais — weve got the Honorable Chuck Schumer the Honorable Andrew Cuomo the Honorable Mike Bloomberg the Honorable Bill DeBlasio
is great also to see Mayor Bloomberg here "Its a shame hes not speaking tonight Im curious to hear what a billionaire has to say." "And look at the dais — weve got the Honorable Chuck Schumer the Honorable Andrew Cuomo the Honorable Mike Bloomberg the Honorable Bill DeBlasio the Honorable Dave Dinkins and so many other wonderful elected officials And we have Rudy Giuliani." Now many dont know this but Rudy actually got his
the Honorable Andrew Cuomo the Honorable Mike Bloomberg the Honorable Bill DeBlasio the Honorable Dave Dinkins and so many other wonderful elected officials And we have Rudy Giuliani." Now many dont know this but Rudy actually got his start as a prosecutor going after wealthy New Yorkers who avoided paying taxes But as the saying goes "If you cant beat them go on Fox News and call them a genius." "So as Ive said
dont know this but Rudy actually got his start as a prosecutor going after wealthy New Yorkers who avoided paying taxes But as the saying goes "If you cant beat them go on Fox News and call them a genius." "So as Ive said weve now had our third and thankfully final debate Sharing a stage with Donald Trump is like well nothing really comes to mind." "There is nothing like sharing a stage
cant beat them go on Fox News and call them a genius." "So as Ive said weve now had our third and thankfully final debate Sharing a stage with Donald Trump is like well nothing really comes to mind." "There is nothing like sharing a stage with Donald Trump Donald wanted me drug tested before last nights debate And look Ive got to tell you I am so flattered that Donald thought I used
weve now had our third and thankfully final debate Sharing a stage with Donald Trump is like well nothing really comes to mind." "There is nothing like sharing a stage with Donald Trump Donald wanted me drug tested before last nights debate And look Ive got to tell you I am so flattered that Donald thought I used some sort of performance enhancer." "Now actually I did Its called preparation." "And looking back Ive had
well nothing really comes to mind." "There is nothing like sharing a stage with Donald Trump Donald wanted me drug tested before last nights debate And look Ive got to tell you I am so flattered that Donald thought I used some sort of performance enhancer." "Now actually I did Its called preparation." "And looking back Ive had to listen to Donald for three full debates And he says I dont have any stamina." That
before last nights debate And look Ive got to tell you I am so flattered that Donald thought I used some sort of performance enhancer." "Now actually I did Its called preparation." "And looking back Ive had to listen to Donald for three full debates And he says I dont have any stamina." That is four and a half hours I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign
that Donald thought I used some sort of performance enhancer." "Now actually I did Its called preparation." "And looking back Ive had to listen to Donald for three full debates And he says I dont have any stamina." That is four and a half hours I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign managers "Now look I have deep respect for people like Kellyanne Conway Shes working day and
called preparation." "And looking back Ive had to listen to Donald for three full debates And he says I dont have any stamina." That is four and a half hours I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign managers "Now look I have deep respect for people like Kellyanne Conway Shes working day and night for Donald and because shes a contractor hes probably not even going to pay
full debates And he says I dont have any stamina." That is four and a half hours I have now stood next to Donald Trump longer than any of his campaign managers "Now look I have deep respect for people like Kellyanne Conway Shes working day and night for Donald and because shes a contractor hes probably not even going to pay her." "But I think the good news is that the debates finally allowed
longer than any of his campaign managers "Now look I have deep respect for people like Kellyanne Conway Shes working day and night for Donald and because shes a contractor hes probably not even going to pay her." "But I think the good news is that the debates finally allowed Republicans to unite around their candidate The bad news is its Mike Pence And its been a long long campaign That should be one
night for Donald and because shes a contractor hes probably not even going to pay her." "But I think the good news is that the debates finally allowed Republicans to unite around their candidate The bad news is its Mike Pence And its been a long long campaign That should be one of our highest priorities shortening the campaigns." "And whoever wins this election the outcome will be historic Well either have the first female
contractor hes probably not even going to pay her." "But I think the good news is that the debates finally allowed Republicans to unite around their candidate The bad news is its Mike Pence And its been a long long campaign That should be one of our highest priorities shortening the campaigns." "And whoever wins this election the outcome will be historic Well either have the first female president or the first president who started
news is that the debates finally allowed Republicans to unite around their candidate The bad news is its Mike Pence And its been a long long campaign That should be one of our highest priorities shortening the campaigns." "And whoever wins this election the outcome will be historic Well either have the first female president or the first president who started a Twitter war with Cher." "And if Donald does win it will be awkward
outcome will be historic Well either have the first female president or the first president who started a Twitter war with Cher." "And if Donald does win it will be awkward at the annual Presidents Day photo when all the former presidents gather at the White House and not just with Bill." How is Barack going to get past the Muslim ban? "Now Republicans in particular seem frustrated with their nominee Paul Ryan told the
the White House and not just with Bill." How is Barack going to get past the Muslim ban? "Now Republicans in particular seem frustrated with their nominee Paul Ryan told the Republican members of the House you — you dont have to support the top of the ticket Dont worry about anyone besides yourself Just do whats in your own best interests So I guess Donald really has unified his party around his core philosophy."
past the Muslim ban? "Now Republicans in particular seem frustrated with their nominee Paul Ryan told the Republican members of the House you — you dont have to support the top of the ticket Dont worry about anyone besides yourself Just do whats in your own best interests So I guess Donald really has unified his party around his core philosophy." "And I dont understand their unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies
particular seem frustrated with their nominee Paul Ryan told the Republican members of the House you — you dont have to support the top of the ticket Dont worry about anyone besides yourself Just do whats in your own best interests So I guess Donald really has unified his party around his core philosophy." "And I dont understand their unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies He has no policies I keep hearing
the House you — you dont have to support the top of the ticket Dont worry about anyone besides yourself Just do whats in your own best interests So I guess Donald really has unified his party around his core philosophy." "And I dont understand their unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies He has no policies I keep hearing that." "Id actually like to defend him on this Donald has issues serious issues."
ticket Dont worry about anyone besides yourself Just do whats in your own best interests So I guess Donald really has unified his party around his core philosophy." "And I dont understand their unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies He has no policies I keep hearing that." "Id actually like to defend him on this Donald has issues serious issues." Really really serious issues "And I worry about Donalds go it alone attitude
yourself Just do whats in your own best interests So I guess Donald really has unified his party around his core philosophy." "And I dont understand their unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies He has no policies I keep hearing that." "Id actually like to defend him on this Donald has issues serious issues." Really really serious issues "And I worry about Donalds go it alone attitude For example at his convention
interests So I guess Donald really has unified his party around his core philosophy." "And I dont understand their unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies He has no policies I keep hearing that." "Id actually like to defend him on this Donald has issues serious issues." Really really serious issues "And I worry about Donalds go it alone attitude For example at his convention when he said I alone can fix it
around his core philosophy." "And I dont understand their unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies He has no policies I keep hearing that." "Id actually like to defend him on this Donald has issues serious issues." Really really serious issues "And I worry about Donalds go it alone attitude For example at his convention when he said I alone can fix it you know in the 90s I said the same thing about
unhappiness They say Donald doesnt have any policies He has no policies I keep hearing that." "Id actually like to defend him on this Donald has issues serious issues." Really really serious issues "And I worry about Donalds go it alone attitude For example at his convention when he said I alone can fix it you know in the 90s I said the same thing about Americas health care system and it didnt work out
really serious issues "And I worry about Donalds go it alone attitude For example at his convention when he said I alone can fix it you know in the 90s I said the same thing about Americas health care system and it didnt work out so well for me either." But speaking of health Donald has been very concerned about mine very concerned He actually sent a car to bring me here tonight Actually it
said the same thing about Americas health care system and it didnt work out so well for me either." But speaking of health Donald has been very concerned about mine very concerned He actually sent a car to bring me here tonight Actually it was a hearse "But I — but I kind of want to just put the information out there so everybody can draw their own conclusions and you can judge our
care system and it didnt work out so well for me either." But speaking of health Donald has been very concerned about mine very concerned He actually sent a car to bring me here tonight Actually it was a hearse "But I — but I kind of want to just put the information out there so everybody can draw their own conclusions and you can judge our relative health Weve each released our medical records
has been very concerned about mine very concerned He actually sent a car to bring me here tonight Actually it was a hearse "But I — but I kind of want to just put the information out there so everybody can draw their own conclusions and you can judge our relative health Weve each released our medical records My blood pressure is 100/70 His is unbelievably great." My cholesterol is 189 his is presidential My
Actually it was a hearse "But I — but I kind of want to just put the information out there so everybody can draw their own conclusions and you can judge our relative health Weve each released our medical records My blood pressure is 100/70 His is unbelievably great." My cholesterol is 189 his is presidential My heart rate is 72 beats per minute his is the most beats ever or the least beats
"But I — but I kind of want to just put the information out there so everybody can draw their own conclusions and you can judge our relative health Weve each released our medical records My blood pressure is 100/70 His is unbelievably great." My cholesterol is 189 his is presidential My heart rate is 72 beats per minute his is the most beats ever or the least beats ever whichever sounds best But Donald
to just put the information out there so everybody can draw their own conclusions and you can judge our relative health Weve each released our medical records My blood pressure is 100/70 His is unbelievably great." My cholesterol is 189 his is presidential My heart rate is 72 beats per minute his is the most beats ever or the least beats ever whichever sounds best But Donald really is as healthy as a horse you
judge our relative health Weve each released our medical records My blood pressure is 100/70 His is unbelievably great." My cholesterol is 189 his is presidential My heart rate is 72 beats per minute his is the most beats ever or the least beats ever whichever sounds best But Donald really is as healthy as a horse you know the one Vladimir Putin rides around on But — but I can say without fear
cholesterol is 189 his is presidential My heart rate is 72 beats per minute his is the most beats ever or the least beats ever whichever sounds best But Donald really is as healthy as a horse you know the one Vladimir Putin rides around on But — but I can say without fear of contradiction tonight that I will be the healthiest and youngest woman ever to serve as president "But this has
the least beats ever whichever sounds best But Donald really is as healthy as a horse you know the one Vladimir Putin rides around on But — but I can say without fear of contradiction tonight that I will be the healthiest and youngest woman ever to serve as president "But this has really been a strange campaign You saw it last night You saw it again tonight Donald has attacked me for a life
know the one Vladimir Putin rides around on But — but I can say without fear of contradiction tonight that I will be the healthiest and youngest woman ever to serve as president "But this has really been a strange campaign You saw it last night You saw it again tonight Donald has attacked me for a life in public service and I didnt get that at first I kind of get it now
around on But — but I can say without fear of contradiction tonight that I will be the healthiest and youngest woman ever to serve as president "But this has really been a strange campaign You saw it last night You saw it again tonight Donald has attacked me for a life in public service and I didnt get that at first I kind of get it now As he told Howard Stern he doesnt
I can say without fear of contradiction tonight that I will be the healthiest and youngest woman ever to serve as president "But this has really been a strange campaign You saw it last night You saw it again tonight Donald has attacked me for a life in public service and I didnt get that at first I kind of get it now As he told Howard Stern he doesnt like it when women have
be the healthiest and youngest woman ever to serve as president "But this has really been a strange campaign You saw it last night You saw it again tonight Donald has attacked me for a life in public service and I didnt get that at first I kind of get it now As he told Howard Stern he doesnt like it when women have been around for more than 35 years." But Donald we have
this has really been a strange campaign You saw it last night You saw it again tonight Donald has attacked me for a life in public service and I didnt get that at first I kind of get it now As he told Howard Stern he doesnt like it when women have been around for more than 35 years." But Donald we have so much more in common than actually you may realize "For
attacked me for a life in public service and I didnt get that at first I kind of get it now As he told Howard Stern he doesnt like it when women have been around for more than 35 years." But Donald we have so much more in common than actually you may realize "For example I tried to inspire young people by showing them that with resilience and hard work anything is possible and
it when women have been around for more than 35 years." But Donald we have so much more in common than actually you may realize "For example I tried to inspire young people by showing them that with resilience and hard work anything is possible and youre doing the same A third grade teacher told me that one of her students refused to turn in his homework because it was under audit." "And heres another
example I tried to inspire young people by showing them that with resilience and hard work anything is possible and youre doing the same A third grade teacher told me that one of her students refused to turn in his homework because it was under audit." "And heres another similarity The Republican National Committee isnt spending a dime to help either one of us." "So tonight lets embrace the spirit of the evening Lets
A third grade teacher told me that one of her students refused to turn in his homework because it was under audit." "And heres another similarity The Republican National Committee isnt spending a dime to help either one of us." "So tonight lets embrace the spirit of the evening Lets come together Remember what unites us and just rip on Ted Cruz." I hope you enjoyed my remarks tonight I said no to some jokes
turn in his homework because it was under audit." "And heres another similarity The Republican National Committee isnt spending a dime to help either one of us." "So tonight lets embrace the spirit of the evening Lets come together Remember what unites us and just rip on Ted Cruz." I hope you enjoyed my remarks tonight I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line But I suppose you can judge
heres another similarity The Republican National Committee isnt spending a dime to help either one of us." "So tonight lets embrace the spirit of the evening Lets come together Remember what unites us and just rip on Ted Cruz." I hope you enjoyed my remarks tonight I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line But I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days Donald
of us." "So tonight lets embrace the spirit of the evening Lets come together Remember what unites us and just rip on Ted Cruz." I hope you enjoyed my remarks tonight I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line But I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days Donald will tell us after the benediction whether he accepts that this dinner is over He
Remember what unites us and just rip on Ted Cruz." I hope you enjoyed my remarks tonight I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line But I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days Donald will tell us after the benediction whether he accepts that this dinner is over He has to wait and see "But theres nothing funny about the stakes in this
remarks tonight I said no to some jokes that I thought were over the line But I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days Donald will tell us after the benediction whether he accepts that this dinner is over He has to wait and see "But theres nothing funny about the stakes in this election In the end what makes this dinner important are not the jokes we tell
were over the line But I suppose you can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days Donald will tell us after the benediction whether he accepts that this dinner is over He has to wait and see "But theres nothing funny about the stakes in this election In the end what makes this dinner important are not the jokes we tell but the legacy that we carry forward It is often
can judge for yourself on Wikileaks in the next few days Donald will tell us after the benediction whether he accepts that this dinner is over He has to wait and see "But theres nothing funny about the stakes in this election In the end what makes this dinner important are not the jokes we tell but the legacy that we carry forward It is often easy to forget how far this country has
after the benediction whether he accepts that this dinner is over He has to wait and see "But theres nothing funny about the stakes in this election In the end what makes this dinner important are not the jokes we tell but the legacy that we carry forward It is often easy to forget how far this country has come." And there are a lot of people in this room tonight who themselves or their
It is often easy to forget how far this country has come." And there are a lot of people in this room tonight who themselves or their parents or grandparents came here as immigrants made a life for yourselves took advantage of the American dream and the greatest system that has ever been created in the history of the world to unleash the individual talents and energy and ambition of everyone willing to work hard
created in the history of the world to unleash the individual talents and energy and ambition of everyone willing to work hard "And when I think about what Al Smith went through its important to just reflect how groundbreaking it was for him a Catholic to be my partys nominee for president Dont forget – school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president you will not be
Smith went through its important to just reflect how groundbreaking it was for him a Catholic to be my partys nominee for president Dont forget – school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible Voters were told that he would annul Protestant marriages." And I saw a story recently that said people even claimed the Holland Tunnel
that if Al Smith is elected president you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible Voters were told that he would annul Protestant marriages." And I saw a story recently that said people even claimed the Holland Tunnel was a se-cret passageway to connect Rome and America to help the Pope rule our country Those appeals appeals to fear and division can cause us to treat each other as the Other Rhetoric
I saw a story recently that said people even claimed the Holland Tunnel was a se-cret passageway to connect Rome and America to help the Pope rule our country Those appeals appeals to fear and division can cause us to treat each other as the Other Rhetoric like that makes it harder for us to see each other to respect each other to listen to each other And certainly a lot harder to love our
Rome and America to help the Pope rule our country Those appeals appeals to fear and division can cause us to treat each other as the Other Rhetoric like that makes it harder for us to see each other to respect each other to listen to each other And certainly a lot harder to love our neighbor as ourselves "I believe how we treat others is the highest expression of faith and of service Im
division can cause us to treat each other as the Other Rhetoric like that makes it harder for us to see each other to respect each other to listen to each other And certainly a lot harder to love our neighbor as ourselves "I believe how we treat others is the highest expression of faith and of service Im not Catholic Im a Methodist but one of the things that we share is the belief
that makes it harder for us to see each other to respect each other to listen to each other And certainly a lot harder to love our neighbor as ourselves "I believe how we treat others is the highest expression of faith and of service Im not Catholic Im a Methodist but one of the things that we share is the belief that in order to achieve salvation we need both faith and good works
other to respect each other to listen to each other And certainly a lot harder to love our neighbor as ourselves "I believe how we treat others is the highest expression of faith and of service Im not Catholic Im a Methodist but one of the things that we share is the belief that in order to achieve salvation we need both faith and good works And you certainly dont need to be Catholic to
to love our neighbor as ourselves "I believe how we treat others is the highest expression of faith and of service Im not Catholic Im a Methodist but one of the things that we share is the belief that in order to achieve salvation we need both faith and good works And you certainly dont need to be Catholic to be inspired by the humility and heart of the Holy Father Pope Francis Or to
a Methodist but one of the things that we share is the belief that in order to achieve salvation we need both faith and good works And you certainly dont need to be Catholic to be inspired by the humility and heart of the Holy Father Pope Francis Or to embrace his message." His message about rejecting a mindset of hostility his calls to reduce inequality his warnings about climate change his appeal that
And you certainly dont need to be Catholic to be inspired by the humility and heart of the Holy Father Pope Francis Or to embrace his message." His message about rejecting a mindset of hostility his calls to reduce inequality his warnings about climate change his appeal that we build bridges not walls Now as you may know my running mate Tim is Catholic and went to Jesuit schools and one of the things he
calls to reduce inequality his warnings about climate change his appeal that we build bridges not walls Now as you may know my running mate Tim is Catholic and went to Jesuit schools and one of the things he and I have talked about is this idea from the Jesuits of the Magis the more the better But we need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy while agreeing
Jesuit schools and one of the things he and I have talked about is this idea from the Jesuits of the Magis the more the better But we need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy while agreeing on questions of decency and civility How we talk to each other treat each other respect each other "So Ive taken this concept of Magis to heart in this campaign as best
Jesuits of the Magis the more the better But we need to get better at finding ways to disagree on matters of policy while agreeing on questions of decency and civility How we talk to each other treat each other respect each other "So Ive taken this concept of Magis to heart in this campaign as best as one can in the daily heat the back and forth of a presidential campaign to ask
decency and civility How we talk to each other treat each other respect each other "So Ive taken this concept of Magis to heart in this campaign as best as one can in the daily heat the back and forth of a presidential campaign to ask how we can do more for each other and better for each other Because I believe that for each of us our greatest monument on this earth wont
daily heat the back and forth of a presidential campaign to ask how we can do more for each other and better for each other Because I believe that for each of us our greatest monument on this earth wont be what we build but the lives we touch." And that is ultimately what this dinner is all about And its why its been such a great honor to join you all again Thank you."
daily heat the back and forth of a presidential campaign to ask how we can do more for each other and better for each other Because I believe that for each of us our greatest monument on this earth wont be what we build but the lives we touch." And that is ultimately what this dinner is all about And its why its been such a great honor to join you all again Thank you."
daily heat the back and forth of a presidential campaign to ask how we can do more for each other and better for each other Because I believe that for each of us our greatest monument on this earth wont be what we build but the lives we touch." And that is ultimately what this dinner is all about And its why its been such a great honor to join you all again Thank you."
