"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
"Thank you Thank you Thank you so much Wow Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Thank you so very very much Wow I am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our
am so happy to be back here and to be here with all of you I am thrilled And I cant thank you enough." "And its a special privilege and pleasure to be introduced by my friend and such a great leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our country And so I want to thank -- once again I want to thank former senator and former secretary
leader someone who has served not only this state so well but also our country And so I want to thank -- once again I want to thank former senator and former secretary Ken Salazar." "And I also want to thank somebody else whos here who is really special and is doing such a great job for all of you And that is your senator and I hope you will get out and send him
job for all of you And that is your senator and I hope you will get out and send him back to Washington Michael Bennet." "I also want to recognize someone whos running a great race for congress Gail Schwartz." I -- I was thinking -- I was thinking the first time I came to this beautiful place and had a chance to meet people from here was in 1992 I was here for somebody
I -- I was thinking -- I was thinking the first time I came to this beautiful place and had a chance to meet people from here was in 1992 I was here for somebody else namely my husband who was running for president And I know there are a lot of really young people here but was anybody here back in 1992? "Well Bill and I talk about Pueblo all the time And
chance to meet people from here was in 1992 I was here for somebody else namely my husband who was running for president And I know there are a lot of really young people here but was anybody here back in 1992? "Well Bill and I talk about Pueblo all the time And it is always a treat for either one of us to come And today its especially important because we are getting closer
for president And I know there are a lot of really young people here but was anybody here back in 1992? "Well Bill and I talk about Pueblo all the time And it is always a treat for either one of us to come And today its especially important because we are getting closer and closer and closer to the next election And were also very conscious of the fact that here in Colorado for
anybody here back in 1992? "Well Bill and I talk about Pueblo all the time And it is always a treat for either one of us to come And today its especially important because we are getting closer and closer and closer to the next election And were also very conscious of the fact that here in Colorado for the first time you are all going to be able to vote by mail." And
today its especially important because we are getting closer and closer and closer to the next election And were also very conscious of the fact that here in Colorado for the first time you are all going to be able to vote by mail." And this Monday October 17th ballots will start being mailed to Colorado voters "Now if youve already registered to vote I hope youll keep your eye open for the mail
first time you are all going to be able to vote by mail." And this Monday October 17th ballots will start being mailed to Colorado voters "Now if youve already registered to vote I hope youll keep your eye open for the mail and fill out your ballot Send it back as quick as you can Dont wait to fill it out." Dont do what I do put it on the kitchen counter and
Monday October 17th ballots will start being mailed to Colorado voters "Now if youve already registered to vote I hope youll keep your eye open for the mail and fill out your ballot Send it back as quick as you can Dont wait to fill it out." Dont do what I do put it on the kitchen counter and then you put something else on top of it and something else and pretty soon
can Dont wait to fill it out." Dont do what I do put it on the kitchen counter and then you put something else on top of it and something else and pretty soon youre wondering "Where is that ballot? I know it cam here a few days ago." So please put it in the mail so we can get every early vote counted quickly and avoid a big backlog on election night "And
cam here a few days ago." So please put it in the mail so we can get every early vote counted quickly and avoid a big backlog on election night "And maybe -- if you havent registered to vote yet please do it right now And if you go to Iwillvote.com you can do that on your phones -- you do that right now -- you can get registered Pretty easy huh?" "Because we need
counted quickly and avoid a big backlog on election night "And maybe -- if you havent registered to vote yet please do it right now And if you go to Iwillvote.com you can do that on your phones -- you do that right now -- you can get registered Pretty easy huh?" "Because we need everybody to vote in this election And we need your friends and your family and everyone you can reach
vote yet please do it right now And if you go to Iwillvote.com you can do that on your phones -- you do that right now -- you can get registered Pretty easy huh?" "Because we need everybody to vote in this election And we need your friends and your family and everyone you can reach because this is about something so important I dont know that theres ever been a more serious or
that on your phones -- you do that right now -- you can get registered Pretty easy huh?" "Because we need everybody to vote in this election And we need your friends and your family and everyone you can reach because this is about something so important I dont know that theres ever been a more serious or consequential election And we can see that people feel that way because across America people are
easy huh?" "Because we need everybody to vote in this election And we need your friends and your family and everyone you can reach because this is about something so important I dont know that theres ever been a more serious or consequential election And we can see that people feel that way because across America people are already voting in high numbers." "A lot of states have whats called early vote and the numbers
this is about something so important I dont know that theres ever been a more serious or consequential election And we can see that people feel that way because across America people are already voting in high numbers." "A lot of states have whats called early vote and the numbers are bigger than anybody thought And bigger than theyve been in the past." "Just this morning in Ohio people began lining up last night
people are already voting in high numbers." "A lot of states have whats called early vote and the numbers are bigger than anybody thought And bigger than theyve been in the past." "Just this morning in Ohio people began lining up last night so they could be sure to vote They couldnt wait to cast their ballots And by the time were done we expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential
and the numbers are bigger than anybody thought And bigger than theyve been in the past." "Just this morning in Ohio people began lining up last night so they could be sure to vote They couldnt wait to cast their ballots And by the time were done we expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election." "So dont be left out because we need you And oh by the way if youve
this morning in Ohio people began lining up last night so they could be sure to vote They couldnt wait to cast their ballots And by the time were done we expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election." "So dont be left out because we need you And oh by the way if youve got friends in Utah or Arizona make sure they vote too We are competing everywhere and the
ballots And by the time were done we expect record numbers of people to vote in this presidential election." "So dont be left out because we need you And oh by the way if youve got friends in Utah or Arizona make sure they vote too We are competing everywhere and the polls are tightening because I think Americans want to turn out as big a number as possible to reject the dark and
if youve got friends in Utah or Arizona make sure they vote too We are competing everywhere and the polls are tightening because I think Americans want to turn out as big a number as possible to reject the dark and divisive and hateful campaign that is being run by my opponent." And you know your vote can make all the difference I was in Florida yesterday with former Vice President Gore "And as he
as big a number as possible to reject the dark and divisive and hateful campaign that is being run by my opponent." And you know your vote can make all the difference I was in Florida yesterday with former Vice President Gore "And as he said yesterday take it from him every vote counts So dont sit this one out And Im very proud of the campaign weve run Im proud of the campaign
divisive and hateful campaign that is being run by my opponent." And you know your vote can make all the difference I was in Florida yesterday with former Vice President Gore "And as he said yesterday take it from him every vote counts So dont sit this one out And Im very proud of the campaign weve run Im proud of the campaign Bernie Sanders and I ran." It was about -- it was
my opponent." And you know your vote can make all the difference I was in Florida yesterday with former Vice President Gore "And as he said yesterday take it from him every vote counts So dont sit this one out And Im very proud of the campaign weve run Im proud of the campaign Bernie Sanders and I ran." It was about -- it was about issues not insults We were setting forth a
can make all the difference I was in Florida yesterday with former Vice President Gore "And as he said yesterday take it from him every vote counts So dont sit this one out And Im very proud of the campaign weve run Im proud of the campaign Bernie Sanders and I ran." It was about -- it was about issues not insults We were setting forth a positive agenda that would help America And help
"And as he said yesterday take it from him every vote counts So dont sit this one out And Im very proud of the campaign weve run Im proud of the campaign Bernie Sanders and I ran." It was about -- it was about issues not insults We were setting forth a positive agenda that would help America And help millions and millions of Americans get ahead and stay ahead "And to me that
this one out And Im very proud of the campaign weve run Im proud of the campaign Bernie Sanders and I ran." It was about -- it was about issues not insults We were setting forth a positive agenda that would help America And help millions and millions of Americans get ahead and stay ahead "And to me that is what were supposed to be doing Were supposed to bring people together Were supposed to
Im proud of the campaign Bernie Sanders and I ran." It was about -- it was about issues not insults We were setting forth a positive agenda that would help America And help millions and millions of Americans get ahead and stay ahead "And to me that is what were supposed to be doing Were supposed to bring people together Were supposed to unify our country Were supposed to solve our problems by working
was about -- it was about issues not insults We were setting forth a positive agenda that would help America And help millions and millions of Americans get ahead and stay ahead "And to me that is what were supposed to be doing Were supposed to bring people together Were supposed to unify our country Were supposed to solve our problems by working together." "And I know its been a long race but as soon
We were setting forth a positive agenda that would help America And help millions and millions of Americans get ahead and stay ahead "And to me that is what were supposed to be doing Were supposed to bring people together Were supposed to unify our country Were supposed to solve our problems by working together." "And I know its been a long race but as soon as our primary finished Senator Sanders and I
agenda that would help America And help millions and millions of Americans get ahead and stay ahead "And to me that is what were supposed to be doing Were supposed to bring people together Were supposed to unify our country Were supposed to solve our problems by working together." "And I know its been a long race but as soon as our primary finished Senator Sanders and I got together and came up with
doing Were supposed to bring people together Were supposed to unify our country Were supposed to solve our problems by working together." "And I know its been a long race but as soon as our primary finished Senator Sanders and I got together and came up with a plan to make college affordable and pay back student debt provide more healthcare And we have done our best to stay out of all the meanness."
and came up with a plan to make college affordable and pay back student debt provide more healthcare And we have done our best to stay out of all the meanness." You know the other night -- did you see that last debate? Well I was watching my opponent just go lower and lower and lower And I was reminded of what my friend and our first lady Michelle Obama says When they go
out of all the meanness." You know the other night -- did you see that last debate? Well I was watching my opponent just go lower and lower and lower And I was reminded of what my friend and our first lady Michelle Obama says When they go low we go high And I want you to know I want to be -- I want to be the president for everyone I am tired of
did you see that last debate? Well I was watching my opponent just go lower and lower and lower And I was reminded of what my friend and our first lady Michelle Obama says When they go low we go high And I want you to know I want to be -- I want to be the president for everyone I am tired of the all the divisions and the barriers I want to bring
go lower and lower and lower And I was reminded of what my friend and our first lady Michelle Obama says When they go low we go high And I want you to know I want to be -- I want to be the president for everyone I am tired of the all the divisions and the barriers I want to bring people together across our party lines across any lines that divide us And
our first lady Michelle Obama says When they go low we go high And I want you to know I want to be -- I want to be the president for everyone I am tired of the all the divisions and the barriers I want to bring people together across our party lines across any lines that divide us And not just people who vote for me I want to be the president yes for
I want you to know I want to be -- I want to be the president for everyone I am tired of the all the divisions and the barriers I want to bring people together across our party lines across any lines that divide us And not just people who vote for me I want to be the president yes for Democrats but also Republicans and Independents "And I am very grateful for all
am tired of the all the divisions and the barriers I want to bring people together across our party lines across any lines that divide us And not just people who vote for me I want to be the president yes for Democrats but also Republicans and Independents "And I am very grateful for all of the Republicans who are supporting me And I am very -- Im very appreciative of all of the
party lines across any lines that divide us And not just people who vote for me I want to be the president yes for Democrats but also Republicans and Independents "And I am very grateful for all of the Republicans who are supporting me And I am very -- Im very appreciative of all of the newspapers that are endorsing me some of whom have never endorsed a Democrat before." "So were going to
Democrats but also Republicans and Independents "And I am very grateful for all of the Republicans who are supporting me And I am very -- Im very appreciative of all of the newspapers that are endorsing me some of whom have never endorsed a Democrat before." "So were going to keep running this campaign I want to give you something to vote for not just something to vote against." "And during these next 28
of the newspapers that are endorsing me some of whom have never endorsed a Democrat before." "So were going to keep running this campaign I want to give you something to vote for not just something to vote against." "And during these next 28 days were going to crisscross our country Were going to be talking about what we can do together But Donald Trump is taking a very different tone." His campaign -- his
to keep running this campaign I want to give you something to vote for not just something to vote against." "And during these next 28 days were going to crisscross our country Were going to be talking about what we can do together But Donald Trump is taking a very different tone." His campaign -- his campaign said today that theyre going to use a quote "scorched Earth" strategy for the remaining four weeks of
next 28 days were going to crisscross our country Were going to be talking about what we can do together But Donald Trump is taking a very different tone." His campaign -- his campaign said today that theyre going to use a quote "scorched Earth" strategy for the remaining four weeks of this race Now that just shows how desperate they are Thats all they have left pure negativity pessimism "And were not going
Donald Trump is taking a very different tone." His campaign -- his campaign said today that theyre going to use a quote "scorched Earth" strategy for the remaining four weeks of this race Now that just shows how desperate they are Thats all they have left pure negativity pessimism "And were not going to let Donald Trump get away with it are we?" "I dont care what he says about me I -- I
His campaign -- his campaign said today that theyre going to use a quote "scorched Earth" strategy for the remaining four weeks of this race Now that just shows how desperate they are Thats all they have left pure negativity pessimism "And were not going to let Donald Trump get away with it are we?" "I dont care what he says about me I -- I -- I care about what he says about
Earth" strategy for the remaining four weeks of this race Now that just shows how desperate they are Thats all they have left pure negativity pessimism "And were not going to let Donald Trump get away with it are we?" "I dont care what he says about me I -- I -- I care about what he says about you And Ill tell you what I will stand up and defend every single person
are Thats all they have left pure negativity pessimism "And were not going to let Donald Trump get away with it are we?" "I dont care what he says about me I -- I -- I care about what he says about you And Ill tell you what I will stand up and defend every single person in this country from the insults and the disrespect that we hear from him." Now the whole
says about me I -- I -- I care about what he says about you And Ill tell you what I will stand up and defend every single person in this country from the insults and the disrespect that we hear from him." Now the whole world has heard how Donald Trump treats women and what he thinks of women And he is doubling-down on his excuse that its just quote "locker room talk." Well
and the disrespect that we hear from him." Now the whole world has heard how Donald Trump treats women and what he thinks of women And he is doubling-down on his excuse that its just quote "locker room talk." Well you know what happened? It just kind of happened spontaneously A lot of athletes and coaches started posting on Twitter and Instagram and Facebook I mean the National Basketball Association Major League Baseball the NFL
what he thinks of women And he is doubling-down on his excuse that its just quote "locker room talk." Well you know what happened? It just kind of happened spontaneously A lot of athletes and coaches started posting on Twitter and Instagram and Facebook I mean the National Basketball Association Major League Baseball the NFL and more They are coming together and theyre saying "That doesnt happen in our locker rooms." But of course
its just quote "locker room talk." Well you know what happened? It just kind of happened spontaneously A lot of athletes and coaches started posting on Twitter and Instagram and Facebook I mean the National Basketball Association Major League Baseball the NFL and more They are coming together and theyre saying "That doesnt happen in our locker rooms." But of course you know its not only women that he has disrespected Hes insulted practically everybody
athletes and coaches started posting on Twitter and Instagram and Facebook I mean the National Basketball Association Major League Baseball the NFL and more They are coming together and theyre saying "That doesnt happen in our locker rooms." But of course you know its not only women that he has disrespected Hes insulted practically everybody He went after a distinguished federal judge Judge Curiel who was born in Indiana And Trump said "Well he couldnt
Association Major League Baseball the NFL and more They are coming together and theyre saying "That doesnt happen in our locker rooms." But of course you know its not only women that he has disrespected Hes insulted practically everybody He went after a distinguished federal judge Judge Curiel who was born in Indiana And Trump said "Well he couldnt be trusted because his parents were Mexican." "He has targeted immigrants African Americans Latinos Hes
are coming together and theyre saying "That doesnt happen in our locker rooms." But of course you know its not only women that he has disrespected Hes insulted practically everybody He went after a distinguished federal judge Judge Curiel who was born in Indiana And Trump said "Well he couldnt be trusted because his parents were Mexican." "He has targeted immigrants African Americans Latinos Hes targeted POWs people with disabilities moslems and so many
know its not only women that he has disrespected Hes insulted practically everybody He went after a distinguished federal judge Judge Curiel who was born in Indiana And Trump said "Well he couldnt be trusted because his parents were Mexican." "He has targeted immigrants African Americans Latinos Hes targeted POWs people with disabilities moslems and so many others." "And every time he does that I get somebody who is worried or scared writing me
Indiana And Trump said "Well he couldnt be trusted because his parents were Mexican." "He has targeted immigrants African Americans Latinos Hes targeted POWs people with disabilities moslems and so many others." "And every time he does that I get somebody who is worried or scared writing me a letter or talking to me And especially children Its really who Donald Trump is But when you scare children you know like a little boy His
African Americans Latinos Hes targeted POWs people with disabilities moslems and so many others." "And every time he does that I get somebody who is worried or scared writing me a letter or talking to me And especially children Its really who Donald Trump is But when you scare children you know like a little boy His mother wrote to me She had adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler There were a
POWs people with disabilities moslems and so many others." "And every time he does that I get somebody who is worried or scared writing me a letter or talking to me And especially children Its really who Donald Trump is But when you scare children you know like a little boy His mother wrote to me She had adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler There were a lot of children in
others." "And every time he does that I get somebody who is worried or scared writing me a letter or talking to me And especially children Its really who Donald Trump is But when you scare children you know like a little boy His mother wrote to me She had adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler There were a lot of children in Ethiopia that were no longer able to live with
get somebody who is worried or scared writing me a letter or talking to me And especially children Its really who Donald Trump is But when you scare children you know like a little boy His mother wrote to me She had adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler There were a lot of children in Ethiopia that were no longer able to live with families Their parents their grandparents were not around
me a letter or talking to me And especially children Its really who Donald Trump is But when you scare children you know like a little boy His mother wrote to me She had adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler There were a lot of children in Ethiopia that were no longer able to live with families Their parents their grandparents were not around And a lot of Americans have adopted children
Trump is But when you scare children you know like a little boy His mother wrote to me She had adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler There were a lot of children in Ethiopia that were no longer able to live with families Their parents their grandparents were not around And a lot of Americans have adopted children in need like that and this little boy named Felix is now ten years
boy His mother wrote to me She had adopted him from Ethiopia when he was a toddler There were a lot of children in Ethiopia that were no longer able to live with families Their parents their grandparents were not around And a lot of Americans have adopted children in need like that and this little boy named Felix is now ten years old Hes only lived in the United States And his mother wrote
a toddler There were a lot of children in Ethiopia that were no longer able to live with families Their parents their grandparents were not around And a lot of Americans have adopted children in need like that and this little boy named Felix is now ten years old Hes only lived in the United States And his mother wrote me and she said that after hearing Donald Trump he turned to her and asked
to live with families Their parents their grandparents were not around And a lot of Americans have adopted children in need like that and this little boy named Felix is now ten years old Hes only lived in the United States And his mother wrote me and she said that after hearing Donald Trump he turned to her and asked Mommy will he send me back to Ethiopia?" "Thats the kind of fear and anxiety
me and she said that after hearing Donald Trump he turned to her and asked Mommy will he send me back to Ethiopia?" "Thats the kind of fear and anxiety that I hear from immigrant families who are scared to death especially the children that Donald Trump is going to put together a big deportation force and go door to door school to school business to business home to home." And it is hard
deportation force and go door to door school to school business to business home to home." And it is hard to explain to children And so I hope that if you know any children who are listening and watching and hearing some of what is said you will reassure them I want every boy and girl to know the American dream is big enough for you and there is a place in America for
so I hope that if you know any children who are listening and watching and hearing some of what is said you will reassure them I want every boy and girl to know the American dream is big enough for you and there is a place in America for you And that in this election we will demonstrate that America is better than what Donald Trump says and represents "But heres what I also want
will reassure them I want every boy and girl to know the American dream is big enough for you and there is a place in America for you And that in this election we will demonstrate that America is better than what Donald Trump says and represents "But heres what I also want to know We have a big difference about how best to get the economy going You know Trump wants to give trillions
is big enough for you and there is a place in America for you And that in this election we will demonstrate that America is better than what Donald Trump says and represents "But heres what I also want to know We have a big difference about how best to get the economy going You know Trump wants to give trillions and trillions in tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires." "You know thats called
in America for you And that in this election we will demonstrate that America is better than what Donald Trump says and represents "But heres what I also want to know We have a big difference about how best to get the economy going You know Trump wants to give trillions and trillions in tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires." "You know thats called trickle down economics but as with anything when it comes to
a big difference about how best to get the economy going You know Trump wants to give trillions and trillions in tax breaks to millionaires and billionaires." "You know thats called trickle down economics but as with anything when it comes to Donald Trump he wants to have the biggest tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations than we have ever ever had So I believe differently Were going to invest in the middle
know thats called trickle down economics but as with anything when it comes to Donald Trump he wants to have the biggest tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations than we have ever ever had So I believe differently Were going to invest in the middle class Were going to invest in you in your jobs in your future." Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Well you know you do have to feel a little sorry for
but as with anything when it comes to Donald Trump he wants to have the biggest tax breaks for the wealthy and corporations than we have ever ever had So I believe differently Were going to invest in the middle class Were going to invest in you in your jobs in your future." Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Well you know you do have to feel a little sorry for them Theyve had a really bad
for the wealthy and corporations than we have ever ever had So I believe differently Were going to invest in the middle class Were going to invest in you in your jobs in your future." Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Well you know you do have to feel a little sorry for them Theyve had a really bad couple of weeks." "But you know part of the difference in how we see the economy I think
in you in your jobs in your future." Hillary! Hillary! Hillary! "Well you know you do have to feel a little sorry for them Theyve had a really bad couple of weeks." "But you know part of the difference in how we see the economy I think comes from our experiences You know Donald grew up the son of a millionaire He got started in business by borrowing $14 million from his dad So its
a little sorry for them Theyve had a really bad couple of weeks." "But you know part of the difference in how we see the economy I think comes from our experiences You know Donald grew up the son of a millionaire He got started in business by borrowing $14 million from his dad So its not a surprise he wants to keep giving back to the wealthy because thats his own experience I
of weeks." "But you know part of the difference in how we see the economy I think comes from our experiences You know Donald grew up the son of a millionaire He got started in business by borrowing $14 million from his dad So its not a surprise he wants to keep giving back to the wealthy because thats his own experience I grew up differently My father was a factory worker Well my
I think comes from our experiences You know Donald grew up the son of a millionaire He got started in business by borrowing $14 million from his dad So its not a surprise he wants to keep giving back to the wealthy because thats his own experience I grew up differently My father was a factory worker Well my grandfather was a factory worker My father was a small businessman I know how hard they
son of a millionaire He got started in business by borrowing $14 million from his dad So its not a surprise he wants to keep giving back to the wealthy because thats his own experience I grew up differently My father was a factory worker Well my grandfather was a factory worker My father was a small businessman I know how hard they worked and I am grateful for the middle class life that
got started in business by borrowing $14 million from his dad So its not a surprise he wants to keep giving back to the wealthy because thats his own experience I grew up differently My father was a factory worker Well my grandfather was a factory worker My father was a small businessman I know how hard they worked and I am grateful for the middle class life that they gave us and thats
$14 million from his dad So its not a surprise he wants to keep giving back to the wealthy because thats his own experience I grew up differently My father was a factory worker Well my grandfather was a factory worker My father was a small businessman I know how hard they worked and I am grateful for the middle class life that they gave us and thats what I want to make sure everybody
not a surprise he wants to keep giving back to the wealthy because thats his own experience I grew up differently My father was a factory worker Well my grandfather was a factory worker My father was a small businessman I know how hard they worked and I am grateful for the middle class life that they gave us and thats what I want to make sure everybody gets." "Thats why I believe weve
a factory worker My father was a small businessman I know how hard they worked and I am grateful for the middle class life that they gave us and thats what I want to make sure everybody gets." "Thats why I believe weve got to get the economy working for everybody not just those at the top and were going to focus on those issues Were going to make it possible to have more
make sure everybody gets." "Thats why I believe weve got to get the economy working for everybody not just those at the top and were going to focus on those issues Were going to make it possible to have more good jobs in infrastructure We need to fix our roads our bridges our tunnels our ports and our airports." "And we need to make sure that the rich pay their fair share because heres what
We need to fix our roads our bridges our tunnels our ports and our airports." "And we need to make sure that the rich pay their fair share because heres what weve learned Donald Trump hasnt paid a penny in federal income tax in years." "Now this is all allegedly because of course we dont know for sure because he wont release his income taxes but its allegedly because he lost $1 billion running casinos
of course we dont know for sure because he wont release his income taxes but its allegedly because he lost $1 billion running casinos Now I ask you who loses $1 billion running casinos right?" "Do you know how hard that is? But think about it it means hes contributed zero Zero for our military zero for our vets zero for education and health and he has the gall to go around disrespecting our military."
$1 billion running casinos right?" "Do you know how hard that is? But think about it it means hes contributed zero Zero for our military zero for our vets zero for education and health and he has the gall to go around disrespecting our military." He calls the United States military a disaster Well the only disaster is somebody who can get away with paying no taxes and have the gall to run for
and he has the gall to go around disrespecting our military." He calls the United States military a disaster Well the only disaster is somebody who can get away with paying no taxes and have the gall to run for president and criticize all the rest of us who have done our part to support America "Now youve all heard his slogan Make America Great Again right? Well that would have maybe some truth to
to run for president and criticize all the rest of us who have done our part to support America "Now youve all heard his slogan Make America Great Again right? Well that would have maybe some truth to it if he made anything in America and if he bought things that are made in America There are so many examples but let me just give you one which is close to your hearts because
made anything in America and if he bought things that are made in America There are so many examples but let me just give you one which is close to your hearts because Pueblo is one of the largest steel producing cities in America right?" So you know how important it is to support our steel workers and our steel industry "Now Trump is the guy who went around for a year talking about how
the largest steel producing cities in America right?" So you know how important it is to support our steel workers and our steel industry "Now Trump is the guy who went around for a year talking about how he was on the side of workers and all the rest of it No truth to it but you know he did say it over and over again and weve slowly but surely uncovered how little hes
year talking about how he was on the side of workers and all the rest of it No truth to it but you know he did say it over and over again and weve slowly but surely uncovered how little hes done to help anybody except Donald Trump." And he has bought Chinese steel for his buildings Not American steel He could be buying American steel he should be buying American steel If he
but you know he did say it over and over again and weve slowly but surely uncovered how little hes done to help anybody except Donald Trump." And he has bought Chinese steel for his buildings Not American steel He could be buying American steel he should be buying American steel If he wants to make America great again start by America with American steel "I have a very different idea and in addition to
and over again and weve slowly but surely uncovered how little hes done to help anybody except Donald Trump." And he has bought Chinese steel for his buildings Not American steel He could be buying American steel he should be buying American steel If he wants to make America great again start by America with American steel "I have a very different idea and in addition to jobs and infrastructure which uses American steel
to help anybody except Donald Trump." And he has bought Chinese steel for his buildings Not American steel He could be buying American steel he should be buying American steel If he wants to make America great again start by America with American steel "I have a very different idea and in addition to jobs and infrastructure which uses American steel were going to do more on advanced manufacturing on technology and innovation on
steel If he wants to make America great again start by America with American steel "I have a very different idea and in addition to jobs and infrastructure which uses American steel were going to do more on advanced manufacturing on technology and innovation on clean energy jobs and were going to make the economy fairer at the same time And heres what I want the young people and their families to hear." Senator Sanders
to do more on advanced manufacturing on technology and innovation on clean energy jobs and were going to make the economy fairer at the same time And heres what I want the young people and their families to hear." Senator Sanders and I got together on a plan We are going to make public college tuition free for working families and debt free for everyone else "If you already have debt because youre trying
economy fairer at the same time And heres what I want the young people and their families to hear." Senator Sanders and I got together on a plan We are going to make public college tuition free for working families and debt free for everyone else "If you already have debt because youre trying to get your education were going to help you refinance it It is wrong that you could refinance a home
hear." Senator Sanders and I got together on a plan We are going to make public college tuition free for working families and debt free for everyone else "If you already have debt because youre trying to get your education were going to help you refinance it It is wrong that you could refinance a home and refinance car but you cant refinance your student debt And were going to make it possible for you
for working families and debt free for everyone else "If you already have debt because youre trying to get your education were going to help you refinance it It is wrong that you could refinance a home and refinance car but you cant refinance your student debt And were going to make it possible for you to pay it back as a percentage of your income." Now based on this plan we will save millions
refinance a home and refinance car but you cant refinance your student debt And were going to make it possible for you to pay it back as a percentage of your income." Now based on this plan we will save millions of people thousands of dollars and you can go to hillaryclinton.com/calculator to see how much you and your family can save Because we want to liberate young people and families from the burden of
Now based on this plan we will save millions of people thousands of dollars and you can go to hillaryclinton.com/calculator to see how much you and your family can save Because we want to liberate young people and families from the burden of college debt "And were also gonna make the economy fairer by raising the national minimum wage so people who work full-time wont be in poverty." "And were going to expand Social Security
liberate young people and families from the burden of college debt "And were also gonna make the economy fairer by raising the national minimum wage so people who work full-time wont be in poverty." "And were going to expand Social Security for those who need it the most - low income seniors and widowed women." And we are going to pass comprehensive immigration reform "Im going to introduce reform I cant wait to work with
full-time wont be in poverty." "And were going to expand Social Security for those who need it the most - low income seniors and widowed women." And we are going to pass comprehensive immigration reform "Im going to introduce reform I cant wait to work with Senator Bennet I cant wait to have a chance to make sure that we are working on immigration reform from the very beginning Were gonna finally help dreamers achieve
the most - low income seniors and widowed women." And we are going to pass comprehensive immigration reform "Im going to introduce reform I cant wait to work with Senator Bennet I cant wait to have a chance to make sure that we are working on immigration reform from the very beginning Were gonna finally help dreamers achieve their dream of following their future and becoming American citizens." "I also think it is past time
are working on immigration reform from the very beginning Were gonna finally help dreamers achieve their dream of following their future and becoming American citizens." "I also think it is past time dont you to guarantee equal pay for womens work?" "You know I started talking about equal pay years and years and years ago because its not only a womans issue its a family issue If you have a wife or a daughter or
pay for womens work?" "You know I started talking about equal pay years and years and years ago because its not only a womans issue its a family issue If you have a wife or a daughter or a mother or a sister its your issue Right? You know that." "So Donald Trump always says you know Im playing the woman card And my response is pretty simple If being for equal pay and affordable
ago because its not only a womans issue its a family issue If you have a wife or a daughter or a mother or a sister its your issue Right? You know that." "So Donald Trump always says you know Im playing the woman card And my response is pretty simple If being for equal pay and affordable childcare and paid family leave is playing the womans card then deal me in." You see
issue If you have a wife or a daughter or a mother or a sister its your issue Right? You know that." "So Donald Trump always says you know Im playing the woman card And my response is pretty simple If being for equal pay and affordable childcare and paid family leave is playing the womans card then deal me in." You see I am very excited I am very excited about what we
that." "So Donald Trump always says you know Im playing the woman card And my response is pretty simple If being for equal pay and affordable childcare and paid family leave is playing the womans card then deal me in." You see I am very excited I am very excited about what we could do You know I give President Obama a lot of credit He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great
pay and affordable childcare and paid family leave is playing the womans card then deal me in." You see I am very excited I am very excited about what we could do You know I give President Obama a lot of credit He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression I remember because he called and asked me to come see him shortly after the election And I didnt know why He
the womans card then deal me in." You see I am very excited I am very excited about what we could do You know I give President Obama a lot of credit He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression I remember because he called and asked me to come see him shortly after the election And I didnt know why He wanted me to be secretary of state but I didnt
I am very excited about what we could do You know I give President Obama a lot of credit He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression I remember because he called and asked me to come see him shortly after the election And I didnt know why He wanted me to be secretary of state but I didnt know that But I got there and the first thing he says is
know I give President Obama a lot of credit He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression I remember because he called and asked me to come see him shortly after the election And I didnt know why He wanted me to be secretary of state but I didnt know that But I got there and the first thing he says is "Its so much worse than they told us." "And it was
He inherited the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression I remember because he called and asked me to come see him shortly after the election And I didnt know why He wanted me to be secretary of state but I didnt know that But I got there and the first thing he says is "Its so much worse than they told us." "And it was You remember It was terrible Millions of people lost
to come see him shortly after the election And I didnt know why He wanted me to be secretary of state but I didnt know that But I got there and the first thing he says is "Its so much worse than they told us." "And it was You remember It was terrible Millions of people lost their jobs and homes were lost and it was just a horrible time We have dug ourselves
why He wanted me to be secretary of state but I didnt know that But I got there and the first thing he says is "Its so much worse than they told us." "And it was You remember It was terrible Millions of people lost their jobs and homes were lost and it was just a horrible time We have dug ourselves out of that ditch thanks to everybodys hard work." "And we cant
wanted me to be secretary of state but I didnt know that But I got there and the first thing he says is "Its so much worse than they told us." "And it was You remember It was terrible Millions of people lost their jobs and homes were lost and it was just a horrible time We have dug ourselves out of that ditch thanks to everybodys hard work." "And we cant ever go back
know that But I got there and the first thing he says is "Its so much worse than they told us." "And it was You remember It was terrible Millions of people lost their jobs and homes were lost and it was just a horrible time We have dug ourselves out of that ditch thanks to everybodys hard work." "And we cant ever go back there because believe me trickle-down economics and refusing to regulate
and it was just a horrible time We have dug ourselves out of that ditch thanks to everybodys hard work." "And we cant ever go back there because believe me trickle-down economics and refusing to regulate Wall Street and the mortgage market is what got us into that mess in the first place." "And Donald Trump wants to get rid of the new rules on Wall Street He wants to get rid of the
market is what got us into that mess in the first place." "And Donald Trump wants to get rid of the new rules on Wall Street He wants to get rid of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau which returns money to people whove been defrauded by big companies Well I have a totally different view." "Were gonna keep those and then were going to tell companies that try to move jobs out of our
by big companies Well I have a totally different view." "Were gonna keep those and then were going to tell companies that try to move jobs out of our country that if they try to theyre gonna have to pay an exit tax and return every penny every penny of tax benefit theyve ever gotten." "And Ive been very clear about how were gonna pay for what I want to do It is going
every penny of tax benefit theyve ever gotten." "And Ive been very clear about how were gonna pay for what I want to do It is going to be going after the wealthy closing the loopholes on corporations." I can pledge to you I will never raise middle class federal taxes It is not right "And what Ive been trying to do listening to people around the country is figure out what we can do
gonna pay for what I want to do It is going to be going after the wealthy closing the loopholes on corporations." I can pledge to you I will never raise middle class federal taxes It is not right "And what Ive been trying to do listening to people around the country is figure out what we can do to help you with what I call kitchen table issues And we thank you very
closing the loopholes on corporations." I can pledge to you I will never raise middle class federal taxes It is not right "And what Ive been trying to do listening to people around the country is figure out what we can do to help you with what I call kitchen table issues And we thank you very much." What - right now - thank you "You know I always feel so welcome when I
right "And what Ive been trying to do listening to people around the country is figure out what we can do to help you with what I call kitchen table issues And we thank you very much." What - right now - thank you "You know I always feel so welcome when I come to Pueblo I think Ill come here anytime it gets hard in the White House What do you say?" Finally I
country is figure out what we can do to help you with what I call kitchen table issues And we thank you very much." What - right now - thank you "You know I always feel so welcome when I come to Pueblo I think Ill come here anytime it gets hard in the White House What do you say?" Finally I want to tell you that I want to make it easier for
what I call kitchen table issues And we thank you very much." What - right now - thank you "You know I always feel so welcome when I come to Pueblo I think Ill come here anytime it gets hard in the White House What do you say?" Finally I want to tell you that I want to make it easier for you to raise your kids You know there is nothing more important "Im
you "You know I always feel so welcome when I come to Pueblo I think Ill come here anytime it gets hard in the White House What do you say?" Finally I want to tell you that I want to make it easier for you to raise your kids You know there is nothing more important "Im now a grandmother of two wonderful grandchildren a little girl a little boy And there are too many
Ill come here anytime it gets hard in the White House What do you say?" Finally I want to tell you that I want to make it easier for you to raise your kids You know there is nothing more important "Im now a grandmother of two wonderful grandchildren a little girl a little boy And there are too many hard-working families struggling with the cost of raising children." "So right now most families with
What do you say?" Finally I want to tell you that I want to make it easier for you to raise your kids You know there is nothing more important "Im now a grandmother of two wonderful grandchildren a little girl a little boy And there are too many hard-working families struggling with the cost of raising children." "So right now most families with kids get something called the child tax credit It gives
your kids You know there is nothing more important "Im now a grandmother of two wonderful grandchildren a little girl a little boy And there are too many hard-working families struggling with the cost of raising children." "So right now most families with kids get something called the child tax credit It gives a middle-class family $1000 per child to help you defray the costs Im going to double - Im going to double
little boy And there are too many hard-working families struggling with the cost of raising children." "So right now most families with kids get something called the child tax credit It gives a middle-class family $1000 per child to help you defray the costs Im going to double - Im going to double the child tax credit." "Thats another $1000 for young kids to pay for the things you need whether its child care
going to double - Im going to double the child tax credit." "Thats another $1000 for young kids to pay for the things you need whether its child care housing prescription drugs groceries or anything else it is just one example of the tax relief I want to give to working families and were going to make sure that it gets to the people who need it most." "Were going to lift families out of
gets to the people who need it most." "Were going to lift families out of poverty In fact the changes I am proposing we think will automatically help more people get out of poverty and were going to look for other ways to help you." What I am interested in is your success your futures your possibilities your dreams I want to be a president who makes it possible for more people to feel like
going to look for other ways to help you." What I am interested in is your success your futures your possibilities your dreams I want to be a president who makes it possible for more people to feel like they are really moving and their kids are going to have better lives "That is how I was raised Thats what I want for you and every single family every single child in America!" "So we
futures your possibilities your dreams I want to be a president who makes it possible for more people to feel like they are really moving and their kids are going to have better lives "That is how I was raised Thats what I want for you and every single family every single child in America!" "So we have about four weeks ago Its going to be - its going to be a race to
possible for more people to feel like they are really moving and their kids are going to have better lives "That is how I was raised Thats what I want for you and every single family every single child in America!" "So we have about four weeks ago Its going to be - its going to be a race to the finish line my friends And here is what I want to ask you."
lives "That is how I was raised Thats what I want for you and every single family every single child in America!" "So we have about four weeks ago Its going to be - its going to be a race to the finish line my friends And here is what I want to ask you." As I said in the beginning think about everything that is important to you whether it is jobs and rising
ago Its going to be - its going to be a race to the finish line my friends And here is what I want to ask you." As I said in the beginning think about everything that is important to you whether it is jobs and rising incomes whether it is education healthcare whatever it might be Whether it is protecting our rights People who have fought so hard whether it is immigration reform whatever
want to ask you." As I said in the beginning think about everything that is important to you whether it is jobs and rising incomes whether it is education healthcare whatever it might be Whether it is protecting our rights People who have fought so hard whether it is immigration reform whatever it might be think about it because you know what? Those issues will be on the ballot They may not be listed
you whether it is jobs and rising incomes whether it is education healthcare whatever it might be Whether it is protecting our rights People who have fought so hard whether it is immigration reform whatever it might be think about it because you know what? Those issues will be on the ballot They may not be listed there but you could not have two more different people running for president than me and Donald Trump
fought so hard whether it is immigration reform whatever it might be think about it because you know what? Those issues will be on the ballot They may not be listed there but you could not have two more different people running for president than me and Donald Trump "And I know that if people turn out I know if people show up were going to win and were going to be able to do
Donald Trump "And I know that if people turn out I know if people show up were going to win and were going to be able to do everything Ive talked about." And so it call comes to down whether or not you take that ballot you get in the mail you fill it in you send it back you do everything you can to make sure that your vote will be counted You know
that ballot you get in the mail you fill it in you send it back you do everything you can to make sure that your vote will be counted You know when I think about this election I do think about my grandchildren a lot Yeah you too right? "Ill tell you what for those of you who arent grandparents yet it is an incredible experience Right?" "And there is nothing I wouldnt do
you can to make sure that your vote will be counted You know when I think about this election I do think about my grandchildren a lot Yeah you too right? "Ill tell you what for those of you who arent grandparents yet it is an incredible experience Right?" "And there is nothing I wouldnt do for them As I like to say face time was invented for grandparents and you get to check in
about this election I do think about my grandchildren a lot Yeah you too right? "Ill tell you what for those of you who arent grandparents yet it is an incredible experience Right?" "And there is nothing I wouldnt do for them As I like to say face time was invented for grandparents and you get to check in and see how theyre doing But more than that what kind of lives are they
tell you what for those of you who arent grandparents yet it is an incredible experience Right?" "And there is nothing I wouldnt do for them As I like to say face time was invented for grandparents and you get to check in and see how theyre doing But more than that what kind of lives are they going to have and what kind of country is going to be waiting for them?" "I
time was invented for grandparents and you get to check in and see how theyre doing But more than that what kind of lives are they going to have and what kind of country is going to be waiting for them?" "I know how important it is that families and communities and our country stand behind every child Make sure every child has a good education a good school good teachers and every zip
what kind of country is going to be waiting for them?" "I know how important it is that families and communities and our country stand behind every child Make sure every child has a good education a good school good teachers and every zip code in America Make sure every child -- every child has the healthcare that he or she needs Thats why I work to create the Childrens Health Insurance Program so we
that families and communities and our country stand behind every child Make sure every child has a good education a good school good teachers and every zip code in America Make sure every child -- every child has the healthcare that he or she needs Thats why I work to create the Childrens Health Insurance Program so we can take care of millions of children." "Thats why every family deserves to have a good job
-- every child has the healthcare that he or she needs Thats why I work to create the Childrens Health Insurance Program so we can take care of millions of children." "Thats why every family deserves to have a good job with a good income to be able to be good providers for their kids." "I got into this work so many years ago I went to work for the Childrens Defense Fund right out
family deserves to have a good job with a good income to be able to be good providers for their kids." "I got into this work so many years ago I went to work for the Childrens Defense Fund right out of law school And I spent my time trying to figure out how you even the odds for all kids And the reason I did that is because of my own mother." "I
be good providers for their kids." "I got into this work so many years ago I went to work for the Childrens Defense Fund right out of law school And I spent my time trying to figure out how you even the odds for all kids And the reason I did that is because of my own mother." "I didnt know it when I was just a little girl but I learned as I got
is because of my own mother." "I didnt know it when I was just a little girl but I learned as I got older that my mother was abandoned and neglected by her parents and pretty much left on her own and then at the age of eight holding her little three-year-old sisters hand she was put on a train by themselves to go to California to live with grandparents." "It turned out the
sisters hand she was put on a train by themselves to go to California to live with grandparents." "It turned out the grandparents didnt really want her either So by the age of 14 she was working in a house as a maid and a babysitter But heres what I want you to know It sounds pretty harsh It was difficult It made a profound impression on her life I think my mom who
California to live with grandparents." "It turned out the grandparents didnt really want her either So by the age of 14 she was working in a house as a maid and a babysitter But heres what I want you to know It sounds pretty harsh It was difficult It made a profound impression on her life I think my mom who lived to the wonderful age of 92 I dont think there was a
turned out the grandparents didnt really want her either So by the age of 14 she was working in a house as a maid and a babysitter But heres what I want you to know It sounds pretty harsh It was difficult It made a profound impression on her life I think my mom who lived to the wonderful age of 92 I dont think there was a day that went by that she
grandparents didnt really want her either So by the age of 14 she was working in a house as a maid and a babysitter But heres what I want you to know It sounds pretty harsh It was difficult It made a profound impression on her life I think my mom who lived to the wonderful age of 92 I dont think there was a day that went by that she didnt think about being
So by the age of 14 she was working in a house as a maid and a babysitter But heres what I want you to know It sounds pretty harsh It was difficult It made a profound impression on her life I think my mom who lived to the wonderful age of 92 I dont think there was a day that went by that she didnt think about being abandoned and being sent away
harsh It was difficult It made a profound impression on her life I think my mom who lived to the wonderful age of 92 I dont think there was a day that went by that she didnt think about being abandoned and being sent away and being pretty much left on her own." But along the way people were kind to her People helped her The first grade teacher who brought lunch for her
think there was a day that went by that she didnt think about being abandoned and being sent away and being pretty much left on her own." But along the way people were kind to her People helped her The first grade teacher who brought lunch for her every day because my mother never had any -- the woman whose house she went to work in all those years ago knew my mother wanted to
kind to her People helped her The first grade teacher who brought lunch for her every day because my mother never had any -- the woman whose house she went to work in all those years ago knew my mother wanted to go to high school so she said to her Dorothy if you get up early and you get your chores done you can go to high school "Now youll have to come right
ago knew my mother wanted to go to high school so she said to her Dorothy if you get up early and you get your chores done you can go to high school "Now youll have to come right back home That might sound kind of unfortunate but for my mom it was a gift because she really wanted to go to high school." And so my mother always cared about other people And
early and you get your chores done you can go to high school "Now youll have to come right back home That might sound kind of unfortunate but for my mom it was a gift because she really wanted to go to high school." And so my mother always cared about other people And she taught me in every way she could that nobody is better than anybody else right And we need to
kind of unfortunate but for my mom it was a gift because she really wanted to go to high school." And so my mother always cared about other people And she taught me in every way she could that nobody is better than anybody else right And we need to show each other more kindness and support And the last thing we need in our country are more bullies making people feel bad about themselves
wanted to go to high school." And so my mother always cared about other people And she taught me in every way she could that nobody is better than anybody else right And we need to show each other more kindness and support And the last thing we need in our country are more bullies making people feel bad about themselves and pushing people away we should be drawing people toward us "We should be
every way she could that nobody is better than anybody else right And we need to show each other more kindness and support And the last thing we need in our country are more bullies making people feel bad about themselves and pushing people away we should be drawing people toward us "We should be creating the kind of future we want for every one of our children Thats what I think about when I
And the last thing we need in our country are more bullies making people feel bad about themselves and pushing people away we should be drawing people toward us "We should be creating the kind of future we want for every one of our children Thats what I think about when I imagine if Im so fortunate enough to become president I think about waking up -- waking up " I think about waking
fortunate enough to become president I think about waking up -- waking up " I think about waking up in the White House every morning trying to figure out what can I do to help somebody else and who can I work with? How many families and communities across America will work with us to come up with ideas that give every single child the chance to live up to his or her God
that give every single child the chance to live up to his or her God given potential? "Thats what I think we are called to do Whether youre a person of faith or not the American dream is really premised on people coming together to lift each other up Nobody nobody makes it alone Everybody has somebody who helps them along the way." So lets pull together Pueblo lets get out and vote for the
God given potential? "Thats what I think we are called to do Whether youre a person of faith or not the American dream is really premised on people coming together to lift each other up Nobody nobody makes it alone Everybody has somebody who helps them along the way." So lets pull together Pueblo lets get out and vote for the kind of positive future we want for ourselves and our children God bless you
potential? "Thats what I think we are called to do Whether youre a person of faith or not the American dream is really premised on people coming together to lift each other up Nobody nobody makes it alone Everybody has somebody who helps them along the way." So lets pull together Pueblo lets get out and vote for the kind of positive future we want for ourselves and our children God bless you thank you."
potential? "Thats what I think we are called to do Whether youre a person of faith or not the American dream is really premised on people coming together to lift each other up Nobody nobody makes it alone Everybody has somebody who helps them along the way." So lets pull together Pueblo lets get out and vote for the kind of positive future we want for ourselves and our children God bless you thank you."
