"This is the day the Lord has made Let us rejoice and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a
"This is the day the Lord has made Let us rejoice and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a
"This is the day the Lord has made Let us rejoice and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a
"This is the day the Lord has made Let us rejoice and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a
"This is the day the Lord has made Let us rejoice and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a
"This is the day the Lord has made Let us rejoice and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a
Lord has made Let us rejoice and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has
and be glad in it! I am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I
am so .. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here
.. and so honored to be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here with your
be here Thank you so much Reverend Dr Walker Thanks to the members of the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has
the Little Rock A.M.E Zion I have to confess – we were putting together the .. Rev Walker was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has a .. path in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my
was .. But he told me his church .. 134 years ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has a .. path in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my thanks also to Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This
ago was founded in a house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has a .. path in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my thanks also to Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and
house on a rock and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has a .. path in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my thanks also to Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of
and that rock has been sturdy and steady .. I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has a .. path in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my thanks also to Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has
.. I am so delighted to be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has a .. path in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my thanks also to Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has helped people get ... It has helped
be here with your Congresswoman Congresswoman Adams who has a .. path in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my thanks also to Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has helped people get ... It has helped people deal with the sorrows that
in the Congress such a .. of conviction And my thanks also to Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has helped people get ... It has helped people deal with the sorrows that come .. and it has .. the world outside challenged the faith
Donna .. for her leadership for that stirring description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has helped people get ... It has helped people deal with the sorrows that come .. and it has .. the world outside challenged the faith that comes from belief In here in this magnificent house of worship we
description .. Thank you so much This church for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has helped people get ... It has helped people deal with the sorrows that come .. and it has .. the world outside challenged the faith that comes from belief In here in this magnificent house of worship we pray for peace when there is too much violence
for all those years has been a source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has helped people get ... It has helped people deal with the sorrows that come .. and it has .. the world outside challenged the faith that comes from belief In here in this magnificent house of worship we pray for peace when there is too much violence outside of these walls In here we
source of strength and solace for generations of congregants and .. It has helped people get ... It has helped people deal with the sorrows that come .. and it has .. the world outside challenged the faith that comes from belief In here in this magnificent house of worship we pray for peace when there is too much violence outside of these walls In here we are called to confront injustice even when
... It has helped people deal with the sorrows that come .. and it has .. the world outside challenged the faith that comes from belief In here in this magnificent house of worship we pray for peace when there is too much violence outside of these walls In here we are called to confront injustice even when the world out there fails to see it In here we see the world as it
the faith that comes from belief In here in this magnificent house of worship we pray for peace when there is too much violence outside of these walls In here we are called to confront injustice even when the world out there fails to see it In here we see the world as it is but we pray for the strength and wisdom to build the world as it should be "It has been
too much violence outside of these walls In here we are called to confront injustice even when the world out there fails to see it In here we see the world as it is but we pray for the strength and wisdom to build the world as it should be "It has been 12 days since Mr Scott was shot and killed Twelve days since his wife Rakeiya Scott watched her husband die and seven
when the world out there fails to see it In here we see the world as it is but we pray for the strength and wisdom to build the world as it should be "It has been 12 days since Mr Scott was shot and killed Twelve days since his wife Rakeiya Scott watched her husband die and seven children lost their father Now we dont yet know all the details about the shooting but
to see it In here we see the world as it is but we pray for the strength and wisdom to build the world as it should be "It has been 12 days since Mr Scott was shot and killed Twelve days since his wife Rakeiya Scott watched her husband die and seven children lost their father Now we dont yet know all the details about the shooting but we do know this family and
is but we pray for the strength and wisdom to build the world as it should be "It has been 12 days since Mr Scott was shot and killed Twelve days since his wife Rakeiya Scott watched her husband die and seven children lost their father Now we dont yet know all the details about the shooting but we do know this family and this community is in pain And therefore we pray for them
12 days since Mr Scott was shot and killed Twelve days since his wife Rakeiya Scott watched her husband die and seven children lost their father Now we dont yet know all the details about the shooting but we do know this family and this community is in pain And therefore we pray for them and we pray for all families who have suffered similar losses But we do more than pray As Ms Bradford
and seven children lost their father Now we dont yet know all the details about the shooting but we do know this family and this community is in pain And therefore we pray for them and we pray for all families who have suffered similar losses But we do more than pray As Ms Bradford said We do what each of us can do Not everyone can march but everyone can talk and everyone can
the details about the shooting but we do know this family and this community is in pain And therefore we pray for them and we pray for all families who have suffered similar losses But we do more than pray As Ms Bradford said We do what each of us can do Not everyone can march but everyone can talk and everyone can reach out and everyone can vote." Too many African American families
shooting but we do know this family and this community is in pain And therefore we pray for them and we pray for all families who have suffered similar losses But we do more than pray As Ms Bradford said We do what each of us can do Not everyone can march but everyone can talk and everyone can reach out and everyone can vote." Too many African American families have been in the
family and this community is in pain And therefore we pray for them and we pray for all families who have suffered similar losses But we do more than pray As Ms Bradford said We do what each of us can do Not everyone can march but everyone can talk and everyone can reach out and everyone can vote." Too many African American families have been in the same tragic situation that the Scott
losses But we do more than pray As Ms Bradford said We do what each of us can do Not everyone can march but everyone can talk and everyone can reach out and everyone can vote." Too many African American families have been in the same tragic situation that the Scott family has found themselves In fact the day before Mr Scott died another father Terence Crutcher was killed in a police encounter in
can march but everyone can talk and everyone can reach out and everyone can vote." Too many African American families have been in the same tragic situation that the Scott family has found themselves In fact the day before Mr Scott died another father Terence Crutcher was killed in a police encounter in Tulsa Oklahoma And there have been many others So many fathers and sons and even mothers and daughters who have died
out and everyone can vote." Too many African American families have been in the same tragic situation that the Scott family has found themselves In fact the day before Mr Scott died another father Terence Crutcher was killed in a police encounter in Tulsa Oklahoma And there have been many others So many fathers and sons and even mothers and daughters who have died either after encounters with the police or at the hands of
been in the same tragic situation that the Scott family has found themselves In fact the day before Mr Scott died another father Terence Crutcher was killed in a police encounter in Tulsa Oklahoma And there have been many others So many fathers and sons and even mothers and daughters who have died either after encounters with the police or at the hands of civilians with guns while they were doing things that were
another father Terence Crutcher was killed in a police encounter in Tulsa Oklahoma And there have been many others So many fathers and sons and even mothers and daughters who have died either after encounters with the police or at the hands of civilians with guns while they were doing things that were ordinary everyday activities Walking home from the store with iced tea and Skittles listening to music in their car with friends And
daughters who have died either after encounters with the police or at the hands of civilians with guns while they were doing things that were ordinary everyday activities Walking home from the store with iced tea and Skittles listening to music in their car with friends And we also know -- and we must not forget -- that violence has touched the families of police officers Men and women who put on the uniform
they were doing things that were ordinary everyday activities Walking home from the store with iced tea and Skittles listening to music in their car with friends And we also know -- and we must not forget -- that violence has touched the families of police officers Men and women who put on the uniform and put their lives on the line to protect others From Dallas to Baton Rouge to Philadelphia the families
listening to music in their car with friends And we also know -- and we must not forget -- that violence has touched the families of police officers Men and women who put on the uniform and put their lives on the line to protect others From Dallas to Baton Rouge to Philadelphia the families of fallen officers have also been dealt a great blow and they deserve our prayers as well "Its been
touched the families of police officers Men and women who put on the uniform and put their lives on the line to protect others From Dallas to Baton Rouge to Philadelphia the families of fallen officers have also been dealt a great blow and they deserve our prayers as well "Its been a hard year hasnt it? Think about how many times President Obama has had to console our nation about another senseless tragedy
Rouge to Philadelphia the families of fallen officers have also been dealt a great blow and they deserve our prayers as well "Its been a hard year hasnt it? Think about how many times President Obama has had to console our nation about another senseless tragedy another shattered family another distressed community And our children are watching and they feel it too Youve seen that right here in Charlotte Last Monday at the city
as well "Its been a hard year hasnt it? Think about how many times President Obama has had to console our nation about another senseless tragedy another shattered family another distressed community And our children are watching and they feel it too Youve seen that right here in Charlotte Last Monday at the city council meeting 10-year-old Taje Gaddy said I wake up every morning scared that I wont get to grow up because
it? Think about how many times President Obama has had to console our nation about another senseless tragedy another shattered family another distressed community And our children are watching and they feel it too Youve seen that right here in Charlotte Last Monday at the city council meeting 10-year-old Taje Gaddy said I wake up every morning scared that I wont get to grow up because I am black." "A nine-year-old Zianna Oliphant whos here
too Youve seen that right here in Charlotte Last Monday at the city council meeting 10-year-old Taje Gaddy said I wake up every morning scared that I wont get to grow up because I am black." "A nine-year-old Zianna Oliphant whos here with us today along with her brother Marquis and her family also spoke at that city council meeting with tears pouring down her face And when I read what she had said
"A nine-year-old Zianna Oliphant whos here with us today along with her brother Marquis and her family also spoke at that city council meeting with tears pouring down her face And when I read what she had said I had tears in my eyes too She said We are black people and we shouldnt have to feel like this Its a shame that our fathers and mothers are killed and we cant even see them
her family also spoke at that city council meeting with tears pouring down her face And when I read what she had said I had tears in my eyes too She said We are black people and we shouldnt have to feel like this Its a shame that our fathers and mothers are killed and we cant even see them anymore Its a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury
And when I read what she had said I had tears in my eyes too She said We are black people and we shouldnt have to feel like this Its a shame that our fathers and mothers are killed and we cant even see them anymore Its a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury them We need our fathers and mothers to be by our side What courage and clarity
said We are black people and we shouldnt have to feel like this Its a shame that our fathers and mothers are killed and we cant even see them anymore Its a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury them We need our fathers and mothers to be by our side What courage and clarity that young lady showed to the world." "But can you imagine nine years old She
this Its a shame that our fathers and mothers are killed and we cant even see them anymore Its a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury them We need our fathers and mothers to be by our side What courage and clarity that young lady showed to the world." "But can you imagine nine years old She should be thinking about happy adventures dreaming about all the wonderful things her
see them anymore Its a shame that we have to go to their graveyard and bury them We need our fathers and mothers to be by our side What courage and clarity that young lady showed to the world." "But can you imagine nine years old She should be thinking about happy adventures dreaming about all the wonderful things her future holds for her Instead shes talking about graveyards Our entire country should take
need our fathers and mothers to be by our side What courage and clarity that young lady showed to the world." "But can you imagine nine years old She should be thinking about happy adventures dreaming about all the wonderful things her future holds for her Instead shes talking about graveyards Our entire country should take a moment to really look at whats going on here and across America to imagine what we see
courage and clarity that young lady showed to the world." "But can you imagine nine years old She should be thinking about happy adventures dreaming about all the wonderful things her future holds for her Instead shes talking about graveyards Our entire country should take a moment to really look at whats going on here and across America to imagine what we see on the news and what we hear about imagine through our childrens
her Instead shes talking about graveyards Our entire country should take a moment to really look at whats going on here and across America to imagine what we see on the news and what we hear about imagine through our childrens eyes." "Im a grandmother and like every grandmother I worry about the safety and security of my grandchildren but my worries are not the same as black grandmothers They have different and deeper fears
through our childrens eyes." "Im a grandmother and like every grandmother I worry about the safety and security of my grandchildren but my worries are not the same as black grandmothers They have different and deeper fears about the world that their grandchildren face It makes my heart ache when kids like Zianna are going through this and trying to make sense of the absolutely senseless I know how I would feel I wouldnt be
of my grandchildren but my worries are not the same as black grandmothers They have different and deeper fears about the world that their grandchildren face It makes my heart ache when kids like Zianna are going through this and trying to make sense of the absolutely senseless I know how I would feel I wouldnt be able to stand it if my grandchildren had to be scared and worried the way too many
have different and deeper fears about the world that their grandchildren face It makes my heart ache when kids like Zianna are going through this and trying to make sense of the absolutely senseless I know how I would feel I wouldnt be able to stand it if my grandchildren had to be scared and worried the way too many children across our country feel right now But because my grandchildren are white because
ache when kids like Zianna are going through this and trying to make sense of the absolutely senseless I know how I would feel I wouldnt be able to stand it if my grandchildren had to be scared and worried the way too many children across our country feel right now But because my grandchildren are white because they are the grandchildren of a former president and secretary of state lets be honest here –
many children across our country feel right now But because my grandchildren are white because they are the grandchildren of a former president and secretary of state lets be honest here – they wont face the kind of fear that we heard from the young children testifying before the city council." "You know every child deserves the same sense of security every child deserves the same hope They should not be facing fear they should
young children testifying before the city council." "You know every child deserves the same sense of security every child deserves the same hope They should not be facing fear they should be learning and growing imagining who they can be and what their contributions to our country could be as well Weve got to take action weve got to start now not tomorrow not next year now We know we cant solve all these
hope They should not be facing fear they should be learning and growing imagining who they can be and what their contributions to our country could be as well Weve got to take action weve got to start now not tomorrow not next year now We know we cant solve all these problems over night which means we dont have a moment to lose." "Proverbs tells us Where there is no vision the people
our country could be as well Weve got to take action weve got to start now not tomorrow not next year now We know we cant solve all these problems over night which means we dont have a moment to lose." "Proverbs tells us Where there is no vision the people perish So lets hold on to a common vision Lets come together to make America a place where every child no matter who
next year now We know we cant solve all these problems over night which means we dont have a moment to lose." "Proverbs tells us Where there is no vision the people perish So lets hold on to a common vision Lets come together to make America a place where every child no matter who they are where theyre born or what they look like has the chance to live up to their God-given
the people perish So lets hold on to a common vision Lets come together to make America a place where every child no matter who they are where theyre born or what they look like has the chance to live up to their God-given potential." Being stronger together with this common vision means rejecting those forces that try to pit us against each other We can acknowledge that implicit bias still exists not just in
chance to live up to their God-given potential." Being stronger together with this common vision means rejecting those forces that try to pit us against each other We can acknowledge that implicit bias still exists not just in police departments but throughout our country without vilifying police officers We can call for reforms to policing while still appreciating the many courageous and admirable officers out there who are doing their jobs with honor and integrity
against each other We can acknowledge that implicit bias still exists not just in police departments but throughout our country without vilifying police officers We can call for reforms to policing while still appreciating the many courageous and admirable officers out there who are doing their jobs with honor and integrity "I think about an officer named Montrell Jackson You might not have heard of him but I want you to He was one of
our country without vilifying police officers We can call for reforms to policing while still appreciating the many courageous and admirable officers out there who are doing their jobs with honor and integrity "I think about an officer named Montrell Jackson You might not have heard of him but I want you to He was one of the officers murdered in Baton Rouge A few days before he died he wrote on Facebook he
reforms to policing while still appreciating the many courageous and admirable officers out there who are doing their jobs with honor and integrity "I think about an officer named Montrell Jackson You might not have heard of him but I want you to He was one of the officers murdered in Baton Rouge A few days before he died he wrote on Facebook he was black but he wore blue In uniform he wrote
officers out there who are doing their jobs with honor and integrity "I think about an officer named Montrell Jackson You might not have heard of him but I want you to He was one of the officers murdered in Baton Rouge A few days before he died he wrote on Facebook he was black but he wore blue In uniform he wrote I get nasty hateful looks Out of uniform some consider me
think about an officer named Montrell Jackson You might not have heard of him but I want you to He was one of the officers murdered in Baton Rouge A few days before he died he wrote on Facebook he was black but he wore blue In uniform he wrote I get nasty hateful looks Out of uniform some consider me a threat These are trying times Please dont let hate infect your heart And
him but I want you to He was one of the officers murdered in Baton Rouge A few days before he died he wrote on Facebook he was black but he wore blue In uniform he wrote I get nasty hateful looks Out of uniform some consider me a threat These are trying times Please dont let hate infect your heart And then he closed by saying that if anyone saw him on patrol and
of the officers murdered in Baton Rouge A few days before he died he wrote on Facebook he was black but he wore blue In uniform he wrote I get nasty hateful looks Out of uniform some consider me a threat These are trying times Please dont let hate infect your heart And then he closed by saying that if anyone saw him on patrol and wanted a hug I got you." "Montrell Jackson
Rouge A few days before he died he wrote on Facebook he was black but he wore blue In uniform he wrote I get nasty hateful looks Out of uniform some consider me a threat These are trying times Please dont let hate infect your heart And then he closed by saying that if anyone saw him on patrol and wanted a hug I got you." "Montrell Jackson knew that making our communities safer
he died he wrote on Facebook he was black but he wore blue In uniform he wrote I get nasty hateful looks Out of uniform some consider me a threat These are trying times Please dont let hate infect your heart And then he closed by saying that if anyone saw him on patrol and wanted a hug I got you." "Montrell Jackson knew that making our communities safer and juster are not conflicting ideas
looks Out of uniform some consider me a threat These are trying times Please dont let hate infect your heart And then he closed by saying that if anyone saw him on patrol and wanted a hug I got you." "Montrell Jackson knew that making our communities safer and juster are not conflicting ideas And most officers will tell you they cant do one without the other I believe we need end-to-end reform in
closed by saying that if anyone saw him on patrol and wanted a hug I got you." "Montrell Jackson knew that making our communities safer and juster are not conflicting ideas And most officers will tell you they cant do one without the other I believe we need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system not half measures but full measures with real follow-through In America everyone should be respected by the law and have
"Montrell Jackson knew that making our communities safer and juster are not conflicting ideas And most officers will tell you they cant do one without the other I believe we need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system not half measures but full measures with real follow-through In America everyone should be respected by the law and have respect for the law." That starts with being honest Being unafraid to face the facts Face
they cant do one without the other I believe we need end-to-end reform in our criminal justice system not half measures but full measures with real follow-through In America everyone should be respected by the law and have respect for the law." That starts with being honest Being unafraid to face the facts Face the fact that black men are far more likely to be stopped searched by police charged with crimes and sentenced
in our criminal justice system not half measures but full measures with real follow-through In America everyone should be respected by the law and have respect for the law." That starts with being honest Being unafraid to face the facts Face the fact that black men are far more likely to be stopped searched by police charged with crimes and sentenced to longer prison terms than white men for doing the same thing We
respected by the law and have respect for the law." That starts with being honest Being unafraid to face the facts Face the fact that black men are far more likely to be stopped searched by police charged with crimes and sentenced to longer prison terms than white men for doing the same thing We need to fix a system where too many black parents are taken from their kids and imprisoned for minor offenses
are far more likely to be stopped searched by police charged with crimes and sentenced to longer prison terms than white men for doing the same thing We need to fix a system where too many black parents are taken from their kids and imprisoned for minor offenses We need to make sure our police officers are trained in de-escalating tense situations We need to dismantle the so-called school-to-prison pipeline and instead invest in education
terms than white men for doing the same thing We need to fix a system where too many black parents are taken from their kids and imprisoned for minor offenses We need to make sure our police officers are trained in de-escalating tense situations We need to dismantle the so-called school-to-prison pipeline and instead invest in education from early childhood through high school into higher education And yes we have got to fight for
black parents are taken from their kids and imprisoned for minor offenses We need to make sure our police officers are trained in de-escalating tense situations We need to dismantle the so-called school-to-prison pipeline and instead invest in education from early childhood through high school into higher education And yes we have got to fight for common sense reforms to stop the epidemic of gun violence in our communities "Gun violence is by far
trained in de-escalating tense situations We need to dismantle the so-called school-to-prison pipeline and instead invest in education from early childhood through high school into higher education And yes we have got to fight for common sense reforms to stop the epidemic of gun violence in our communities "Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young black men more than the next nine causes combined Weve got to make sure there
through high school into higher education And yes we have got to fight for common sense reforms to stop the epidemic of gun violence in our communities "Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young black men more than the next nine causes combined Weve got to make sure there are good jobs equality affordable housing in every zip code in America We need to make investments in communities that have
epidemic of gun violence in our communities "Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young black men more than the next nine causes combined Weve got to make sure there are good jobs equality affordable housing in every zip code in America We need to make investments in communities that have been left out and left behind I am a strong supporter of Congressman Jim Clyburns plan to put 10
death for young black men more than the next nine causes combined Weve got to make sure there are good jobs equality affordable housing in every zip code in America We need to make investments in communities that have been left out and left behind I am a strong supporter of Congressman Jim Clyburns plan to put 10 percent of our federal funds into 20 percent of the communities that have generational poverty for 30
investments in communities that have been left out and left behind I am a strong supporter of Congressman Jim Clyburns plan to put 10 percent of our federal funds into 20 percent of the communities that have generational poverty for 30 years or more." "Now there are some out there who see this as a moment to command the flames of resentment and division Who want to exploit peoples fears even though it means tearing
that have generational poverty for 30 years or more." "Now there are some out there who see this as a moment to command the flames of resentment and division Who want to exploit peoples fears even though it means tearing our nation even further apart They say that all of our problems will be solved simply by more law and order As if the systemic racism plaguing our country doesnt exist Now of course
see this as a moment to command the flames of resentment and division Who want to exploit peoples fears even though it means tearing our nation even further apart They say that all of our problems will be solved simply by more law and order As if the systemic racism plaguing our country doesnt exist Now of course we need safe neighborhoods no one is against that Of course we need communities that are
Who want to exploit peoples fears even though it means tearing our nation even further apart They say that all of our problems will be solved simply by more law and order As if the systemic racism plaguing our country doesnt exist Now of course we need safe neighborhoods no one is against that Of course we need communities that are free from the epidemic of gun violence of course we need that But
our nation even further apart They say that all of our problems will be solved simply by more law and order As if the systemic racism plaguing our country doesnt exist Now of course we need safe neighborhoods no one is against that Of course we need communities that are free from the epidemic of gun violence of course we need that But we also need justice and dignity and equality and we can
simply by more law and order As if the systemic racism plaguing our country doesnt exist Now of course we need safe neighborhoods no one is against that Of course we need communities that are free from the epidemic of gun violence of course we need that But we also need justice and dignity and equality and we can have both This is not an either-or question for America." "I want us to commit ourselves
of course we need safe neighborhoods no one is against that Of course we need communities that are free from the epidemic of gun violence of course we need that But we also need justice and dignity and equality and we can have both This is not an either-or question for America." "I want us to commit ourselves to this common vision That is where I will build on the work that President Obama
that are free from the epidemic of gun violence of course we need that But we also need justice and dignity and equality and we can have both This is not an either-or question for America." "I want us to commit ourselves to this common vision That is where I will build on the work that President Obama has done And I will be sure that this is not just about a campaign or
also need justice and dignity and equality and we can have both This is not an either-or question for America." "I want us to commit ourselves to this common vision That is where I will build on the work that President Obama has done And I will be sure that this is not just about a campaign or an election This is much bigger than an election These are issues Ive been fighting for
an either-or question for America." "I want us to commit ourselves to this common vision That is where I will build on the work that President Obama has done And I will be sure that this is not just about a campaign or an election This is much bigger than an election These are issues Ive been fighting for since I was a young lawyer working for the Childrens Defense Fund Going to South
to this common vision That is where I will build on the work that President Obama has done And I will be sure that this is not just about a campaign or an election This is much bigger than an election These are issues Ive been fighting for since I was a young lawyer working for the Childrens Defense Fund Going to South Carolina to try to get young teenagers 13 14-year-olds out of jails
that President Obama has done And I will be sure that this is not just about a campaign or an election This is much bigger than an election These are issues Ive been fighting for since I was a young lawyer working for the Childrens Defense Fund Going to South Carolina to try to get young teenagers 13 14-year-olds out of jails with adult offenders I care deeply about this because its not just personal
an election This is much bigger than an election These are issues Ive been fighting for since I was a young lawyer working for the Childrens Defense Fund Going to South Carolina to try to get young teenagers 13 14-year-olds out of jails with adult offenders I care deeply about this because its not just personal to so many of us its about the kind of country you want to be and the future
Fund Going to South Carolina to try to get young teenagers 13 14-year-olds out of jails with adult offenders I care deeply about this because its not just personal to so many of us its about the kind of country you want to be and the future we want for all of our children and grandchildren I think about that every time I see my grandchildren or every time I see a bright energetic impressive
so many of us its about the kind of country you want to be and the future we want for all of our children and grandchildren I think about that every time I see my grandchildren or every time I see a bright energetic impressive young woman like Zianna Come up here a minute would you?" I love your dress You know God loves us all right? We are called to care for and cherish
we want for all of our children and grandchildren I think about that every time I see my grandchildren or every time I see a bright energetic impressive young woman like Zianna Come up here a minute would you?" I love your dress You know God loves us all right? We are called to care for and cherish each other Its not easy it is not But that is our mission and that is what
time I see my grandchildren or every time I see a bright energetic impressive young woman like Zianna Come up here a minute would you?" I love your dress You know God loves us all right? We are called to care for and cherish each other Its not easy it is not But that is our mission and that is what we are called to do not only as Christians but as Americans as human
energetic impressive young woman like Zianna Come up here a minute would you?" I love your dress You know God loves us all right? We are called to care for and cherish each other Its not easy it is not But that is our mission and that is what we are called to do not only as Christians but as Americans as human beings to understand and respect each other To fight for each
know God loves us all right? We are called to care for and cherish each other Its not easy it is not But that is our mission and that is what we are called to do not only as Christians but as Americans as human beings to understand and respect each other To fight for each others children each others dignity each others opportunity as if they were our own Now make no mistake
is our mission and that is what we are called to do not only as Christians but as Americans as human beings to understand and respect each other To fight for each others children each others dignity each others opportunity as if they were our own Now make no mistake this is not easy work Youve been doing this since Adam and Eve came here But it is righteous work Protecting all of Gods
only as Christians but as Americans as human beings to understand and respect each other To fight for each others children each others dignity each others opportunity as if they were our own Now make no mistake this is not easy work Youve been doing this since Adam and Eve came here But it is righteous work Protecting all of Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become
understand and respect each other To fight for each others children each others dignity each others opportunity as if they were our own Now make no mistake this is not easy work Youve been doing this since Adam and Eve came here But it is righteous work Protecting all of Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time
for each others children each others dignity each others opportunity as if they were our own Now make no mistake this is not easy work Youve been doing this since Adam and Eve came here But it is righteous work Protecting all of Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do
each others opportunity as if they were our own Now make no mistake this is not easy work Youve been doing this since Adam and Eve came here But it is righteous work Protecting all of Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up We will not
been doing this since Adam and Eve came here But it is righteous work Protecting all of Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up We will not grow weary and we will not lose heart We will get up every single day have faith in one
Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up We will not grow weary and we will not lose heart We will get up every single day have faith in one another and in our future and work for that better day for all of Gods people Thank you."
Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up We will not grow weary and we will not lose heart We will get up every single day have faith in one another and in our future and work for that better day for all of Gods people Thank you."
Gods children is Americas calling Remember what scripture also tells us: Let us not become weary in doing good for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up We will not grow weary and we will not lose heart We will get up every single day have faith in one another and in our future and work for that better day for all of Gods people Thank you."
