Today during a rally in Ohio Donald Trump doubled down on his insults to the African American community which he leveled during axa0Fridayxa0speech in Michigan There he posed the question to African Americans "What do you have to lose? Youre living in poverty Your schools are no good You have no jobs." Today in Akron Trump : "You can go to war zones in countries that were fighting and its safer than living in some
Today during a rally in Ohio Donald Trump doubled down on his insults to the African American community which he leveled during axa0Fridayxa0speech in Michigan There he posed the question to African Americans "What do you have to lose? Youre living in poverty Your schools are no good You have no jobs." Today in Akron Trump : "You can go to war zones in countries that were fighting and its safer than living in some
doubled down on his insults to the African American community which he leveled during axa0Fridayxa0speech in Michigan There he posed the question to African Americans "What do you have to lose? Youre living in poverty Your schools are no good You have no jobs." Today in Akron Trump : "You can go to war zones in countries that were fighting and its safer than living in some of our inner cities… I ask you this
the question to African Americans "What do you have to lose? Youre living in poverty Your schools are no good You have no jobs." Today in Akron Trump : "You can go to war zones in countries that were fighting and its safer than living in some of our inner cities… I ask you this Crime All of the problems To the African Americans who I employ so many – so many people… What the
no good You have no jobs." Today in Akron Trump : "You can go to war zones in countries that were fighting and its safer than living in some of our inner cities… I ask you this Crime All of the problems To the African Americans who I employ so many – so many people… What the hell do you have to lose? … Youll be able to walk down the street without getting shot
have no jobs." Today in Akron Trump : "You can go to war zones in countries that were fighting and its safer than living in some of our inner cities… I ask you this Crime All of the problems To the African Americans who I employ so many – so many people… What the hell do you have to lose? … Youll be able to walk down the street without getting shot Right now
fighting and its safer than living in some of our inner cities… I ask you this Crime All of the problems To the African Americans who I employ so many – so many people… What the hell do you have to lose? … Youll be able to walk down the street without getting shot Right now you walk down the street You get shot." "It could not be clearer how much African Americans have to
problems To the African Americans who I employ so many – so many people… What the hell do you have to lose? … Youll be able to walk down the street without getting shot Right now you walk down the street You get shot." "It could not be clearer how much African Americans have to lose under Donald Trump He is doubling down on insults fear and stereotypes that set our community back and further
people… What the hell do you have to lose? … Youll be able to walk down the street without getting shot Right now you walk down the street You get shot." "It could not be clearer how much African Americans have to lose under Donald Trump He is doubling down on insults fear and stereotypes that set our community back and further divide our country.xa0But again this is not surprising this is a man
how much African Americans have to lose under Donald Trump He is doubling down on insults fear and stereotypes that set our community back and further divide our country.xa0But again this is not surprising this is a man who questions the citizenship of the first African American presidentxa0has a disturbing pattern of courtingxa0white supremacists and has been sued for housing discrimination against communities of color "As demonstrated by his bigotry and actions Donald Trump is
a man who questions the citizenship of the first African American presidentxa0has a disturbing pattern of courtingxa0white supremacists and has been sued for housing discrimination against communities of color "As demonstrated by his bigotry and actions Donald Trump is unfit and unqualified to be President We cannot afford this out of touch and divisive thinking in the White House which is why we must take nothing for granted and work as hard as we
African American presidentxa0has a disturbing pattern of courtingxa0white supremacists and has been sued for housing discrimination against communities of color "As demonstrated by his bigotry and actions Donald Trump is unfit and unqualified to be President We cannot afford this out of touch and divisive thinking in the White House which is why we must take nothing for granted and work as hard as we can to make sure Hillary Clinton is our next president."
