"Make no mistake Donald Trump has called for a deportation force that would tear families apart and deport millions Trump may try to mask his policies but hes made clear that immigrants and Latinos have no place in his vision of America "Hillary Clinton has a plan to keep families together and has spoken out against large-scale raids She will expand and protect the presidents executive actions and has vowed to introduce comprehensive immigration reform
"Make no mistake Donald Trump has called for a deportation force that would tear families apart and deport millions Trump may try to mask his policies but hes made clear that immigrants and Latinos have no place in his vision of America "Hillary Clinton has a plan to keep families together and has spoken out against large-scale raids She will expand and protect the presidents executive actions and has vowed to introduce comprehensive immigration reform
tear families apart and deport millions Trump may try to mask his policies but hes made clear that immigrants and Latinos have no place in his vision of America "Hillary Clinton has a plan to keep families together and has spoken out against large-scale raids She will expand and protect the presidents executive actions and has vowed to introduce comprehensive immigration reform in her first hundred days while Trump has promised to conduct mass
together and has spoken out against large-scale raids She will expand and protect the presidents executive actions and has vowed to introduce comprehensive immigration reform in her first hundred days while Trump has promised to conduct mass deportations and repeal the executive actions on DACA and DAPA." BRZEZINSKI: "How do you deport 12 million? How do you deport 12 million illegal immigrants?" TRUMP: "You do it You do it Because theyre here illegally you
while Trump has promised to conduct mass deportations and repeal the executive actions on DACA and DAPA." BRZEZINSKI: "How do you deport 12 million? How do you deport 12 million illegal immigrants?" TRUMP: "You do it You do it Because theyre here illegally you do it Now remember this In 1952 Dwight Eisenhower who was a nice man right I mean whether people like him dont like him people thought of him as – remember
conduct mass deportations and repeal the executive actions on DACA and DAPA." BRZEZINSKI: "How do you deport 12 million? How do you deport 12 million illegal immigrants?" TRUMP: "You do it You do it Because theyre here illegally you do it Now remember this In 1952 Dwight Eisenhower who was a nice man right I mean whether people like him dont like him people thought of him as – remember the expression I like Ike
the executive actions on DACA and DAPA." BRZEZINSKI: "How do you deport 12 million? How do you deport 12 million illegal immigrants?" TRUMP: "You do it You do it Because theyre here illegally you do it Now remember this In 1952 Dwight Eisenhower who was a nice man right I mean whether people like him dont like him people thought of him as – remember the expression I like Ike – like mines Make America
immigrants?" TRUMP: "You do it You do it Because theyre here illegally you do it Now remember this In 1952 Dwight Eisenhower who was a nice man right I mean whether people like him dont like him people thought of him as – remember the expression I like Ike – like mines Make America great again I still like that one better We could go I like Donald but it doesnt work right? But
who was a nice man right I mean whether people like him dont like him people thought of him as – remember the expression I like Ike – like mines Make America great again I still like that one better We could go I like Donald but it doesnt work right? But I like Ike That was his expression Dwight Eisenhower sent millions of people - a million and a half at a minimum
like him dont like him people thought of him as – remember the expression I like Ike – like mines Make America great again I still like that one better We could go I like Donald but it doesnt work right? But I like Ike That was his expression Dwight Eisenhower sent millions of people - a million and a half at a minimum people out illegal immigrants He sent them out And by the
– remember the expression I like Ike – like mines Make America great again I still like that one better We could go I like Donald but it doesnt work right? But I like Ike That was his expression Dwight Eisenhower sent millions of people - a million and a half at a minimum people out illegal immigrants He sent them out And by the way brought them out brought them to the border
America great again I still like that one better We could go I like Donald but it doesnt work right? But I like Ike That was his expression Dwight Eisenhower sent millions of people - a million and a half at a minimum people out illegal immigrants He sent them out And by the way brought them out brought them to the border let them go they came back Let them go again they came
I like Donald but it doesnt work right? But I like Ike That was his expression Dwight Eisenhower sent millions of people - a million and a half at a minimum people out illegal immigrants He sent them out And by the way brought them out brought them to the border let them go they came back Let them go again they came back Let them go a third time they came back The
Ike That was his expression Dwight Eisenhower sent millions of people - a million and a half at a minimum people out illegal immigrants He sent them out And by the way brought them out brought them to the border let them go they came back Let them go again they came back Let them go a third time they came back The fourth time he moved them all the way south then they
a million and a half at a minimum people out illegal immigrants He sent them out And by the way brought them out brought them to the border let them go they came back Let them go again they came back Let them go a third time they came back The fourth time he moved them all the way south then they came back again." Morning Joe MSNBC 11/11/15 TODD: So youre going to split
people out illegal immigrants He sent them out And by the way brought them out brought them to the border let them go they came back Let them go again they came back Let them go a third time they came back The fourth time he moved them all the way south then they came back again." Morning Joe MSNBC 11/11/15 TODD: So youre going to split up families? … Youre going to deport children—"
go they came back Let them go again they came back Let them go a third time they came back The fourth time he moved them all the way south then they came back again." Morning Joe MSNBC 11/11/15 TODD: So youre going to split up families? … Youre going to deport children—" TRUMP: "Chuck No no Were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going
back The fourth time he moved them all the way south then they came back again." Morning Joe MSNBC 11/11/15 TODD: So youre going to split up families? … Youre going to deport children—" TRUMP: "Chuck No no Were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to keep them together out—" TRUMP: "But they have to go But they have to go … They
he moved them all the way south then they came back again." Morning Joe MSNBC 11/11/15 TODD: So youre going to split up families? … Youre going to deport children—" TRUMP: "Chuck No no Were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to keep them together out—" TRUMP: "But they have to go But they have to go … They have to go Chuck we
11/11/15 TODD: So youre going to split up families? … Youre going to deport children—" TRUMP: "Chuck No no Were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to keep them together out—" TRUMP: "But they have to go But they have to go … They have to go Chuck we either have a country or we dont have a country." Meet The Press NBC
deport children—" TRUMP: "Chuck No no Were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to keep them together out—" TRUMP: "But they have to go But they have to go … They have to go Chuck we either have a country or we dont have a country." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 TRUMP: "Well first of all its not only deportation Its building a wall
no Were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to keep them together out—" TRUMP: "But they have to go But they have to go … They have to go Chuck we either have a country or we dont have a country." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 TRUMP: "Well first of all its not only deportation Its building a wall and I mean a real
"But youre going to keep them together out—" TRUMP: "But they have to go But they have to go … They have to go Chuck we either have a country or we dont have a country." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 TRUMP: "Well first of all its not only deportation Its building a wall and I mean a real wall Mexico will pay for the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about
go … They have to go Chuck we either have a country or we dont have a country." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 TRUMP: "Well first of all its not only deportation Its building a wall and I mean a real wall Mexico will pay for the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about doing that It will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very
either have a country or we dont have a country." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 TRUMP: "Well first of all its not only deportation Its building a wall and I mean a real wall Mexico will pay for the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about doing that It will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very humane fashion People will have to go out
a country." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 TRUMP: "Well first of all its not only deportation Its building a wall and I mean a real wall Mexico will pay for the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about doing that It will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very humane fashion People will have to go out they are illegal immigrants they came in illegally
8/16/15 TRUMP: "Well first of all its not only deportation Its building a wall and I mean a real wall Mexico will pay for the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about doing that It will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very humane fashion People will have to go out they are illegal immigrants they came in illegally They have to go out and they
of all its not only deportation Its building a wall and I mean a real wall Mexico will pay for the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about doing that It will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very humane fashion People will have to go out they are illegal immigrants they came in illegally They have to go out and they have to come
building a wall and I mean a real wall Mexico will pay for the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about doing that It will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very humane fashion People will have to go out they are illegal immigrants they came in illegally They have to go out and they have to come back legally Bret there will be a deportation
the wall Most politicians wouldnt understand how you go about doing that It will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very humane fashion People will have to go out they are illegal immigrants they came in illegally They have to go out and they have to come back legally Bret there will be a deportation and hopefully theyll be able to come back into the country." Special
will happen Its basically quite simple But its going to be done in a very humane fashion People will have to go out they are illegal immigrants they came in illegally They have to go out and they have to come back legally Bret there will be a deportation and hopefully theyll be able to come back into the country." Special Report with Bret Baier Fox News 11/12/15 TODD: "Youll rescind that one too?
They have to go out and they have to come back legally Bret there will be a deportation and hopefully theyll be able to come back into the country." Special Report with Bret Baier Fox News 11/12/15 TODD: "Youll rescind that one too? Youll rescind the Dream Act executive order the DACA?" TRUMP: "We have to make a whole new set of standards And when people come in they have to come in–" TODD: "Youre
Fox News 11/12/15 TODD: "Youll rescind that one too? Youll rescind the Dream Act executive order the DACA?" TRUMP: "We have to make a whole new set of standards And when people come in they have to come in–" TODD: "Youre going to split up families Youre going to deport children?" TRUMP: "Chuck – no no No were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going
executive order the DACA?" TRUMP: "We have to make a whole new set of standards And when people come in they have to come in–" TODD: "Youre going to split up families Youre going to deport children?" TRUMP: "Chuck – no no No were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to kick them out?" TRUMP: "They have to go." Meet The Press NBC
a whole new set of standards And when people come in they have to come in–" TODD: "Youre going to split up families Youre going to deport children?" TRUMP: "Chuck – no no No were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to kick them out?" TRUMP: "They have to go." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 "But still tell me the how Are you
to split up families Youre going to deport children?" TRUMP: "Chuck – no no No were going to keep the families together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to kick them out?" TRUMP: "They have to go." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 "But still tell me the how Are you going to have a massive deportation force? Brzezinski asked Trump responded affirmatively: Youre going to have a deportation force and
together We have to keep the families together." TODD: "But youre going to kick them out?" TRUMP: "They have to go." Meet The Press NBC 8/16/15 "But still tell me the how Are you going to have a massive deportation force? Brzezinski asked Trump responded affirmatively: Youre going to have a deportation force and youre going to do it humanely and youre going to bring the country — and frankly the people because you have
affirmatively: Youre going to have a deportation force and youre going to do it humanely and youre going to bring the country — and frankly the people because you have some excellent wonderful people some fantastic people that have been here for a long period of time." Washington Post "Remember Trump said in a gross mischaracterization of undocumented immigrants half of them are criminals." Yahoo News TRUMP: "When Mexico sends its people theyre not sending
a long period of time." Washington Post "Remember Trump said in a gross mischaracterization of undocumented immigrants half of them are criminals." Yahoo News TRUMP: "When Mexico sends its people theyre not sending their best Theyre not sending you Theyre not sending you Theyre sending people that have lots of problems and theyre bringing those problems with us Theyre bringing drugs Theyre bringing crime Theyre rapists." Trump Presidential Announcement Speech New York NY 6/16/15
time." Washington Post "Remember Trump said in a gross mischaracterization of undocumented immigrants half of them are criminals." Yahoo News TRUMP: "When Mexico sends its people theyre not sending their best Theyre not sending you Theyre not sending you Theyre sending people that have lots of problems and theyre bringing those problems with us Theyre bringing drugs Theyre bringing crime Theyre rapists." Trump Presidential Announcement Speech New York NY 6/16/15 @realDonaldTrump Twitter BURNETT: "So
mischaracterization of undocumented immigrants half of them are criminals." Yahoo News TRUMP: "When Mexico sends its people theyre not sending their best Theyre not sending you Theyre not sending you Theyre sending people that have lots of problems and theyre bringing those problems with us Theyre bringing drugs Theyre bringing crime Theyre rapists." Trump Presidential Announcement Speech New York NY 6/16/15 @realDonaldTrump Twitter BURNETT: "So you absolutely wouldnt change it and specifically when you said
Yahoo News TRUMP: "When Mexico sends its people theyre not sending their best Theyre not sending you Theyre not sending you Theyre sending people that have lots of problems and theyre bringing those problems with us Theyre bringing drugs Theyre bringing crime Theyre rapists." Trump Presidential Announcement Speech New York NY 6/16/15 @realDonaldTrump Twitter BURNETT: "So you absolutely wouldnt change it and specifically when you said they are rapists and some I assume are good
"When Mexico sends its people theyre not sending their best Theyre not sending you Theyre not sending you Theyre sending people that have lots of problems and theyre bringing those problems with us Theyre bringing drugs Theyre bringing crime Theyre rapists." Trump Presidential Announcement Speech New York NY 6/16/15 @realDonaldTrump Twitter BURNETT: "So you absolutely wouldnt change it and specifically when you said they are rapists and some I assume are good people But you
sending people that have lots of problems and theyre bringing those problems with us Theyre bringing drugs Theyre bringing crime Theyre rapists." Trump Presidential Announcement Speech New York NY 6/16/15 @realDonaldTrump Twitter BURNETT: "So you absolutely wouldnt change it and specifically when you said they are rapists and some I assume are good people But you dont have any regret about that." TRUMP: "Well some are Some are good some are rapists and some
Presidential Announcement Speech New York NY 6/16/15 @realDonaldTrump Twitter BURNETT: "So you absolutely wouldnt change it and specifically when you said they are rapists and some I assume are good people But you dont have any regret about that." TRUMP: "Well some are Some are good some are rapists and some are killers And we dont even know what were getting And they arent just coming from Mexico They are coming from all over
you absolutely wouldnt change it and specifically when you said they are rapists and some I assume are good people But you dont have any regret about that." TRUMP: "Well some are Some are good some are rapists and some are killers And we dont even know what were getting And they arent just coming from Mexico They are coming from all over So certainly you know thats true And from a common sense
said they are rapists and some I assume are good people But you dont have any regret about that." TRUMP: "Well some are Some are good some are rapists and some are killers And we dont even know what were getting And they arent just coming from Mexico They are coming from all over So certainly you know thats true And from a common sense standpoint you know thats true." Erin Burnett OutFront CNN
assume are good people But you dont have any regret about that." TRUMP: "Well some are Some are good some are rapists and some are killers And we dont even know what were getting And they arent just coming from Mexico They are coming from all over So certainly you know thats true And from a common sense standpoint you know thats true." Erin Burnett OutFront CNN 6/25/15 TAPPER: "And I think that what theyre
have any regret about that." TRUMP: "Well some are Some are good some are rapists and some are killers And we dont even know what were getting And they arent just coming from Mexico They are coming from all over So certainly you know thats true And from a common sense standpoint you know thats true." Erin Burnett OutFront CNN 6/25/15 TAPPER: "And I think that what theyre objecting to is the idea that
"Well some are Some are good some are rapists and some are killers And we dont even know what were getting And they arent just coming from Mexico They are coming from all over So certainly you know thats true And from a common sense standpoint you know thats true." Erin Burnett OutFront CNN 6/25/15 TAPPER: "And I think that what theyre objecting to is the idea that of the 11 million undocumented workers
you know thats true And from a common sense standpoint you know thats true." Erin Burnett OutFront CNN 6/25/15 TAPPER: "And I think that what theyre objecting to is the idea that of the 11 million undocumented workers illegal immigrants whatever you want to call them in this country that youre painting them with a very broad brush rapists criminals when thats probably a very small percentage." TRUMP: "No no Well I dont think
workers illegal immigrants whatever you want to call them in this country that youre painting them with a very broad brush rapists criminals when thats probably a very small percentage." TRUMP: "No no Well I dont think its a small percentage Its a lot But its not Mexicans necessarily Theyre coming from all over." State Of The Union CNN 6/28/15 HUNT: "In your speech today you said that quote Some rapists are coming across
want to call them in this country that youre painting them with a very broad brush rapists criminals when thats probably a very small percentage." TRUMP: "No no Well I dont think its a small percentage Its a lot But its not Mexicans necessarily Theyre coming from all over." State Of The Union CNN 6/28/15 HUNT: "In your speech today you said that quote Some rapists are coming across the border with Mexico." TRUMP: "Absolutely."
in this country that youre painting them with a very broad brush rapists criminals when thats probably a very small percentage." TRUMP: "No no Well I dont think its a small percentage Its a lot But its not Mexicans necessarily Theyre coming from all over." State Of The Union CNN 6/28/15 HUNT: "In your speech today you said that quote Some rapists are coming across the border with Mexico." TRUMP: "Absolutely." HUNT: "What did you
Well I dont think its a small percentage Its a lot But its not Mexicans necessarily Theyre coming from all over." State Of The Union CNN 6/28/15 HUNT: "In your speech today you said that quote Some rapists are coming across the border with Mexico." TRUMP: "Absolutely." HUNT: "What did you mean by that?" TRUMP: "Well you have rapist Theyre sending us not their finest people Theyre sending us people and its people other than
CNN 6/28/15 HUNT: "In your speech today you said that quote Some rapists are coming across the border with Mexico." TRUMP: "Absolutely." HUNT: "What did you mean by that?" TRUMP: "Well you have rapist Theyre sending us not their finest people Theyre sending us people and its people other than from Mexico also We have drug dealers coming across we have rapists we have killers we have murderers Why? Do you think theyre going to
quote Some rapists are coming across the border with Mexico." TRUMP: "Absolutely." HUNT: "What did you mean by that?" TRUMP: "Well you have rapist Theyre sending us not their finest people Theyre sending us people and its people other than from Mexico also We have drug dealers coming across we have rapists we have killers we have murderers Why? Do you think theyre going to send us – I mean its common sense Do
"What did you mean by that?" TRUMP: "Well you have rapist Theyre sending us not their finest people Theyre sending us people and its people other than from Mexico also We have drug dealers coming across we have rapists we have killers we have murderers Why? Do you think theyre going to send us – I mean its common sense Do you think theyre going to send us their best people and their finest people?
you have rapist Theyre sending us not their finest people Theyre sending us people and its people other than from Mexico also We have drug dealers coming across we have rapists we have killers we have murderers Why? Do you think theyre going to send us – I mean its common sense Do you think theyre going to send us their best people and their finest people? The answer is no." Politics Nation MSNBC 6/17/15
you have rapist Theyre sending us not their finest people Theyre sending us people and its people other than from Mexico also We have drug dealers coming across we have rapists we have killers we have murderers Why? Do you think theyre going to send us – I mean its common sense Do you think theyre going to send us their best people and their finest people? The answer is no." Politics Nation MSNBC 6/17/15
