El Salvador will tender October 26 forapproximately 26,000 tonnes soybean meal, valued at up to 5.6mln dlrs, and about 24,500 tonnes bulk corn, with a value of2.0 mln dlrs, under PL-480 financing, an agent for the countrysaid.    It said the country is seeking soymeal with 48 pct proteinminimum, 12 pct moisture maximum, and 3.5 pct maximum crudefiber for delivery from November 15-30.    The U.S. no. 2 or better yellow corn, with 14.5 pctmoisture maximum, is for delivery from November 8-25.    Offers on the soymeal and corn are due at 1530 hrs EDT(1930 gmt) Oct 26, and will remain valid until 1000 hrs EDT thenext day, the agent said. Reuter

The Chase Manhattan Bank, a unit of TheChase Manhattan Corp &lt;CMB>, said it acquired a portfolio ofabout 190,000 consumer revolving credit accounts from AtlanticFinancial Federal &lt;ATLF.O> valued at 370 mln dlrs.    The company said the acquisition makes Chase the secondlargest issuer of credit card and other unsecured consumercredit loans.    Outstandings now exceed 5.6 billion dlrs, the company said.    The company said the portfolio, accessed by checks, issimilar to Chase's Advantage Credit product. Reuter

Commerce Secretary C. William Veritycalled for stepped up coordination of the major industrializednations along the lines of the Venice pact last June whichcommitted the nations to coordinate economic policies.    Verity, speaking to a trade conference of the OverseasPrivate Investment Corp., said "We must improve coodination withour major industrialized allies and trading partners along thelines agreed to at the Venice meeting last June.    He added "we need better cooperation among advanceddeveloping countries in assuring responsibility to coordinatelocal economies commensurate with their economic resources. reuter
Shr 36 cts vs 35 cts    Net 7,100,000 vs 8,000,000    Net Premiums 61.2 mln vs 58.0 mln    Avg shrs 19,950,000 vs 22,760,000    Nine mths    Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 1.81 dlrs    Net 21.3 mln vs 37.8 mln    Net Premiums 176.3 mln vs 141.8 mln    Avg shrs 20,682,000 vs 20,920,000 Reuter
In a joint statement, Merrill Lynch andCo Inc chairman and chief executive William Schreyer and chiefoperating officer Daniel tully said that despite theunprecedented stock market decline, they are confident that anupturn lies ahead.    "In the view of our market experts, yesterday'sunprecedented stock market decline was an over-reaction tofears of higher interest rates, more inflation and a lowerdollar. Indeed, after examining many factors, there is reasonto believe than an upturn lies ahead," the statement said.    The Merrill Lynch executives also said in the statementthat the fact that bonds rallied, commodities weakened and thedollar remained relatively firm suggests that the central banksmay now act to provide the system with additional liquidity.    "While further carry-over selling from yesterday andworries about a stock decline in Japan may put further pressureon the market in the near-term, we believe that this centralbank cooperation would provide the fuel for a recovery in stockprices and a revival of confidence relecting fundamentalvalues," the statement said. Reuter


TRW Inc said it was selected toperform fact-finding security system surveys for the authoritythat is building Kansai International Airport in Osaka, Japan.    The company said the 340,000 dlr contract was significantbecause it was the first contract issued by the authoritysolely to an American company without Japanese partners.    The contract calls for TRW to perform studies of otherinternational airport security systems on behalf of Kansai, thecompany said.    Kansai is scheduled to be operational in 1993. Reuter
CerProbe Corp said its chairman, JohnTarzell, will give up the positions of president and chiefexecutive in early 1988 to concentrate on long-range planningfor the company in the semiconductor testing field.    CerProbe said a successor to Tarzell has not been selected.           Reuter
Reser's Fine Foods Inc saidcertain directors and officers, who currently represent about85 pct of the company's stock, plan to take Reser's privatethrough a cash buyout.    The company said the group plans to offer 12.50 dlrs pershare for the 15 pct of its stock currently outstanding. Reuter
Shr 32 cts vs 40 cts    Net 882,000 vs 1,109,000    Sales 66.1 mln vs 60.3 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 90 cts    Net 3,065,000 vs 2,446,000    Sales 198.1 mln vs 178.5 mln Reuter
Shr profit five cts vs loss nine cts    Net profit 21,045 vs loss 34,238    Revs 1,156,775 vs 963,890    Six Mths    Shr profit 12 cts vs loss five cts    Net profit 48,711 vs loss 18,300    Revs 2,124,157 vs 2,009,956 Reuter

Algeria is tendering tonight for225,000 tonnes of hard red winter wheat at 94.00 dlrs pertonne, c and f, the balance of its original tender under theexport bonus program, U.S. exporters said.    Algeria bought 75,000 tonnes for November and earlyDecember shipmet at that bid, but USDA rejected the bid onwheat for later shipments, the sources said. Reuter
President Reagan was meeting thisafternoon with his top economic advisers on developments in thestock market and the White House said he would issue astatement at 1700 EDT.    Spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Reagan met in the WhiteHouse residence shortly after the market closed with TreasurySecretary James Baker, Federal Reserve Board Chairman AlanGreenspan, Chairman Beryl Sprinkel of the President's Councilof Economic Advisers and chief of staff Howard Baker.    Reagan scrubbed a reception for Republican presidentialcandidates to make room in his schedule for the meeting. Reuter
Hercules Inc said its contractaward from Martin Marietta Corp &lt;ML> to make upgraded solidrocket motors for the Titan Four launch vehicle will helpdouble revenues at its Hercules Aerospace Co unit to twobillion dlrs by 1992.    "We expect and we are fully confident that by 1992 we willbe a two billion dlr a year sales company. The space boosterprogram is a substantial part of that," Hercules Aerospace headE.J. Sheehy told Reuters.    Hercules Inc, which also produces specialty chemicals andengineered polymers, had sales of 2.62 billion dlrs in 1986.    The company said the initial and still unnegotatiatedcontract for development and production of 15 sets of solidrocket boosters for the Titan space vehicles is expected toexceed 500 mln dlrs.    Sheehy also said, "It is obvious that if this program goesas everyone anticipates, that there will be substantialproduction follow-on."    He declined to specify the possible value of future relatedcontracts.    Hercules Aerospace will spend about 100 mln dlrs to reachfull production levels, Sheehy said.    Hercules Inc said the money was available from Hercules'recent 1.49 billion dlr sale of its 38.5 pct stake in HimontInc &lt;HMT> to Montedison S.p.A. &lt;MONI.MI>. Reuter
Secretary General Javier Perez deCuellar has proposed an impartial inquiry into the causes ofthe Gulf war while Iran and Iraq observe a ceasefire,diplomatic sources said on Tuesday.    His nine-point plan, a refinement of proposals he took toTehran and Baghdad last month, was delivered to the two sideslast week with a request that they let him have their initialviews before October 30.    The proposals appeared to counter Iran's earlier offer ofan undeclared cessation of hostilities if an inquiry intoresponsibility for the war was begun.    Iraq insisted on a formal unconditional ceasefire, Perez deCuellar told the Security Council on his return to New York onSeptember 16.    As in his original proposals, the revised plan termed D-daya specific date to be agreed upon for the observance of aceasefire, diplomats said.    On a specific date after that, which would have to beagreed, the withdrawal of all forces to internationallyrecognized boundaries would begin and be completed within anagreed time frame, according to the account of his proposals. Reuter
Chrysler Corp said it is taking advantageof current market conditions and accelerating a stockrepurchase program which began in 1984.    The automaker had 212 mln shares outstanding at the end ofthe second quarter of 1987 and is issuing about 15 mlnadditional shares in connection with its acquisition ofAmerican Motors Corp.    Chrysler said its current goal is to have 200 mln commonshares outstanding. However, while it has no timetable to reachthat goal, so far this year, Chrysler said it bought 750,000shares a month.    Chrysler chairman Lee Iacocca said, "We now feel we canspeed that up considerably."     Chrysler shares closed at 27 unchanged from yesterday whenit fell six dlrs. Reuter

The Bank of New York Corp &lt;BK> said itreaffirmed the terms of its offer for Irving Bank Corp despitethe drop in the Bank of New York's share price to 30-1/8, aBank of New York spokesman said.    "The offer still stands, we have not changed our offer," aBank of New York spokesman said.    Irving would not comment on how the drop in the marketaffects its position on the bid or whether it would buy backany of its own shares.    Earlier this month, Irving rejected the bid as inadequateand said it wanted to retain its independence.    In late September, Bank of New York offered 80 dlrs pershare in cash for 47.4 pct of Irving. For the remaining 52.6pct, it offered an exchange of 1.9 shares of its shares for oneIrving share.    At that time, the stock purchase portion was worth close to80 dlrs per share, but now that portion is worth 53 dlrs pershare for a net price of 68 dlrs, one analyst said.    According to the prospectus offer, shareholders may tenderfor all cash or all shares on a first come, first serve basis.    Analysts were mixed about how the stock price drop wouldaffect the acquisition.    "If it gets to the Irving shareholders, they would approveit, but Irving hopes the offer won't go to the shareholders,"said Mark Alpert, banking analyst with Bear Stearns Cos Inc.    "And the market is saying the deal won't go through,"Alpert said.    "The transaction looks highly unlikely to be completed atpresent. If Irving wouldn't go with the offer at 80 dlrs ashare, then they won't go at a lower price," another analystsaid.    The analyst also doubted that Bank of New York could affordto retain its original offer.    However, industry sources were more uncertain aboutprospects for the deal.    "With Irving's price so low, Bank of New York's offer willlook good to Irving shareholders," said Michael Flores, aconsultant at Bank Earnings International, a consulting firm.    The drop of Irving's share to 44 dlrs per share, which isabout a 26 dlr drop from the beginning of last week, increasesthe chance that Bank of New York will succeed, Flores said.    Analysts said that the drop in bank stock prices is likelyto depress the level of mergers and acquisition in the bankingindustry.    "Bank takeovers are less likely because banks can't usetheir own stock to make acquisitions because their share priceis too depressed," Alpert said.    Since only banks can buy another bank, the only otherpossible acquirors would be a foreign bank, Alpert said.    "In the market drop the stock of acquirors got clobberedmore than the acquirees," another analyst said. Reuter
The Securities and Exchange Commissionsaid it made a one-day exception to its rule of prohibitingcompanies from repurchasing their own stock in the last halfhour of trading, and allowed firms to continue stockrepurchases until the close of market.    An SEC spokesperson told Reuters that the rule exceptiononly covered repurchases made today.    Analysts said that widespread stock repurchases by manyfirms today were a contributing factor in the market's reboundfrom yesterday's huge losses.    The rule prohibiting repurchases in the final half-hour oftrading works to prevent rapid end-of-day stock price riseswhich could be caused by a company's open-market purchase ofits own stock at the end of a trading session, the spokespersonsaid.    Share repurchases today were called "a smart way to usecorporate equity," by one SEC staff member who refused to beidentified. Reuter
Shr profit 15 cts vs loss 40 cts    Net profit 1,538,000 vs loss 4,088,000    Revs 70.6 mln vs 73.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr loss eight cts vs loss 57 cts    Net loss 832,000 vs loss 5,821,000    Revs 217.0 mln vs 248.4 mln    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 265,000 dlrs, orthree cts per share, from utilization of tax loss carryforward. Reuter
Shr one cts vs 20 cts    Net 122,556 vs 2,627,205    Revs 192.2 mln vs 193.3 mln    Nine mths    Shr 27 cts vs 56 cts    Net 3,556,424 vs 7,531,664    Revs 560.6 mln vs 542.3 mln Reuter
New York Stock Exchange chairman JohnPhelan said the NYSE will continue to request that member firmsrefrain from using its order-delivery systems for programtrading until the record trading volume slows down.    He said the firms are free to use other systems to doarbitrage between stock-index futures and their underlyingstocks. "We are going to continue to get volatility for sometime to come," Phelan told a news conference.    He said program trading adds liquidity to the market but"at the extreme that adds to the volatility." He said furtheranalysis of the issue is needed.    Phelan said a significant number of corporations had begunbuying back their own stock in a move that helped blue chipsgain back some of Monday's losses.    Asked how the record decline on Monday and theunprecedented trading volume affected the financial health ofmember firms, Phelan said, "As far as we can tell, member firmsare in good shape."    He said he expects to appear at a Congression hearing inWashington later this week that will examine the question ofprogram trading.       Phelan said NYSE officials were in conference with otherfinancial leaders and White House chief of staff Howard Bakerfor much of the day, adding that "the whole system has beenvery supportive."    He said three or four of the NYSE's specialist firmsrequired and received help with capital. He said these firmswere no longer having capital problems but did not discussspecific figures. Asked why some stocks were delayed on openingwhile others traded, he said the exchange did not want to keepthe vast majority of the 1500 listed companies from trading. Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said itaffirmed the debt of USX Corp and units.    Total debt outstanding amounts to 2.8 billion dlrs.    Affirmed were USX's BB-plus senior debt, BB-minussubordinated debt and preferred stock, B-plus preference stockand of the units, Marathon Oil Co and Texas Oil and Gas Corp'sBB-plus senior debt .    S and P cited the firm's plan to repurchase up to 20 mlncommon shares having a value of between 400 and 500 mln dlrs.    The repurchase will increase the firm's high debt leverage,but will not impair financial flexibility, S and P said. Reuter
European Community (EC) agricultureministers gave their support in principle for a new scheme tolimit spending on the bloc's controversial farm policy at ameeting in Luxembourg on Tuesday, Danish minister LauritsTornaes told journalists.    Acceptance of the scheme, by which farmers would sufferprice cuts if their production exceeded certain norms, known inEC jargon as stabilisers, is seen by diplomats as vital if theEC is to solve its current massive budget crisis.    Speaking at a news conference after chairing a two-daymeeting of farm ministers, Tornaes said: "It is no longer aquestion of whether we are to have stabilisers. It is now aquestion of how we are to implement them."    However, EC sources warned that despite Tornaes' optimism,it may be difficult to get the sort of detailed agreementneeded on the stabiliser scheme ahead of an EC heads ofgovernment meeting in Copenhagen on December 6.    This is the vital meeting at which EC leaders will be askedto agree a new system of EC financing, ending the bloc'shand-to-mouth existence which has resulted in its being unableto agree a budget for 1988.    Britain has said it will block moves to give the ECadditional sources of finance unless a detailed system ofstabilisers is agreed at or ahead of the summit.    Under the most important stabiliser scheme, EC guaranteedprices for cereals would be cut by one percentage point forevery per cent by which the annual harvest exceeded 155 mlntonnes, a figure well below what EC farmers are capable ofproducing in a year of favourable weather conditions.   Farm ministers will meet again on November 16 to attempt tohammer out an accord, and Danish diplomatic sources said themeeting could last through several long nights of negotiation.    But Tornaes said any thought that success was notultimately possible would be a gesture of retreat at thisstage.    EC Commission sources said among the remaining problemswere appeals from Southern member states for protection fortheir small and relatively poor farmers, and calls from Franceand the Netherlands for significant changes to Commissionproposals for arable crops.    They added that West Germany appears still reluctant toaccept the idea of production ceilings being set at the levelof the EC as a whole rather than that of member states.    Meanwhile, the ministers made little progress in agreeing ascheme to top up the income of poorer farmers through directpayments, which could help to cushion the impact of stabiliserson them.    British minister John MacGregor told journalists :"Theproposals as they stand have very few friends."    He said a number of countries fear they could simplyencourage further unwanted production by giving farmers thecash to improve production methods. Reuter
Schering-Plough Corp said ChairmanRobert P. Luciano intends to recommend to the board at its nextregular meeting on October 27 that the quarterly dividend beincreased five cts, or 20 pct, to 30 cts a share effective withthe payment to be made in November.    The company also said it also plans to resume immediatelyits share repurchase plan and expects to buy about 200 mln dlrsof stock.     The company suspended the share repurchase programseptember 22  while it studied the proposed dividend increase,Schering said.    Schering-Plough had, under the plan announced June 23, beenauthorized to repurchase of 4.6 mln shares, a spokesman said.He was unable to say how many shares were repurchased prior tosuspension of the program.    The company said it expects continuing operations togenerate strong gains for rest of year and on into l988.     Itsaid Luciano will ask board to review dividend policy onceagain early next year. The dividend was previously increased inMay 1987 and February 1986. Reuter
An indefinite strike by 47,000carworkers on Tuesday closed most Brazilian plants ofAutolatina, the company said.    Autolatina, one of the world's largest automakers, said ithad offered its employees a pay rise of 20.66 pct, adding thatthe workers were pressing for a 65.9 pct rise.    The strike is the first to hit operations of Autolatinasince it formally came into existence on July 1. The companygroups Ford and Volkswagen in Brazil and Argentina.    A spokesman said factories in Argentina were unaffected. Hesaid about 9,000 of the company's 55,900 employees in Brazilwere still working and some production was continuing. Reuter
shr diluted loss 46 cts    net loss 6,300,000    nine mths    shr diluted loss 10.89 dlrs    net loss 309,100,000    NOTE: No comparisons because company was formed in June1987 through merger of RepublicBank Corp and Interfirst Corp.    Nine mths includes previously reported provision of 325 mlndlrs in second quarter for possible losses on ldc loans. Reuter


The State Department says many U.S.diplomatic missions overseas are on high alert for possibleretaliation from Iran for Monday's attack on two Iranian oilplatforms by American forces in the Gulf.    At the same time, the Pentagon announced on Tuesday thatU.S. forces have begun escorting another Kuwaiti tanker convoysouthward through the Gulf from Kuwait.    The State Department renewed its warning to Americans notto travel to Iran because of what spokeswoman Phyllis Oakleycalled, "its virulent anti-American policies and support forterrorism."    "The threat to Americans has increased significantly," shesaid in announcing that the department was reiterating adviceit last made in January. The department said about 2,600American citizens live in Iran, the overwhelming majority dualnationalities.    Oakley said no specific warning has been issued to U.S.diplomats and Americans living abroad in the aftermath of theU.S. attack on the oil drilling platforms, but "many of ourmissions are on a high state of alert." Reuter
Brazil's September trade surpluswas the best so far this year, totalling 1.494 billion dlrs,compared with 1.434 billion dlrs in August and 540 mln dlrs inSeptember last year, Banco do Brasil's Foreign Trade Department(Cacex) director Namir Salek said in a news conference.    September exports were 2.694 billion dlrs, slightly downfrom 2.76 billion dlrs in August. Imports in September amountedto 1.2 billion dlrs, against 1.32 billion dlrs in August.    Salek said the accumulated surplus in the Jan-Sept periodwas 7.857 billion dlrs, compared with 8.667 billion dlrs in asimilar 1986 period.    Coffee accounted with 320 mln dlrs of exports, up from 222mln dlrs in August and 212 mln in September 1986, Salek said.    The Cacex director said he expected the country's tradesurplus to average 800 mln dlrs in the remaining three monthsof the year, estimating the year's overall surplus to reach10.2 billion dlrs, from 25.6 billion dlrs worth of exports and15.4 billion dlrs of imports.    He attributed the good surplus on exports of manufacturedand semimanufactured goods. He mentioned car exports, whichaccounted alone with sales of 617 mln dlrs in the Jan-Septperiod, against 194 mln dlrs in a similar 1986 period. Reuter
Bearings Inc said it filed with theSecurities and Exchange Commission a registration statementcovering a 40 mln dlr issue of convertible subordinateddebentures due 2012.    Proceeds will be used to fund substantially fund theredemption on October 26 of the company's 8-1/2 pct convertiblesubordinated debentures of 2012. Bearings will buy back theconvertible debt at 105.95 pct of 1,000 dlr face amount, plusaccrued interest.    The company said it named Merrill Lynch Capital Markets asunderwriter of the offering. Reuter

FPL Group Inc's Florida Power and Light Cosubsidiary said the staff of the Nuclear Regulatory Commissionhas proposed a 225,000 dlr fine against the utility's TurkeyPoint nuclear power plant based on three previously identifiedincidents.    At the same time, Florida Power said, the NRC issued anorder confirming the utility's commitment to implement apackage of programs designed to correct problems at thefacility.       In a letter accompanying the order, the Florida Power said,the NRC expressed concern about plant management controls, butindicated support of the utility's initiatives and said theseefforts "should result in significant improvements in theperformance of site personnel."    The three violations for which the fine was proposedoccurred between December 1986 and July 1987.    Florida Power has 30 days to pay or appeal the proposedfine, it said.                    Reuter


The Canadian Import Tribunal said thecountervailing duty on U.S. corn imports should be cut to 30Canadian cts a bushel from 1.10 dlrs a bushel.    In a report to the Canadian finance department, thetribunal said the duty is hurting Canadian farmers and foodprocessors. The duty was imposed last year after the revenuedepartment found U.S. corn production was subsidized.    It is now up to the government to decide whether to changethe duty. Reuter
As official Washington sought torestore investor confidence after Monday's Wall Streetcollapse, Treasury Secretary James Baker came under fire fromcritics who claimed he helped to precipitate the crisis.    Baker's weekend blast at the West German Bundesbank forboosting interest rates seemed to signal an unraveling of aninternational accord to stabilize currency values.    Nigel Lawson, British Chancellor of the Exchequer, wasamong those who said the treasury secretary's statements helpedspur a wave of stock sales by making already jittery investorsthink that a clash between the two major economic powers woulddamage the world economy.    Lawson told a London television interviewer Tuesday, "Ithink the scale of the (stock) fall was very great. That, Ithink, was partly due to statements that have been made bysenior figures on the other side of the Atlantic." It was adispute that should never have happened, he added.    Although Baker appeared to patch over the rift at ahastily-called meeting with West German officials Monday, he  still faced a storm of criticism on his return to the UnitedStates on Tuesday. Baker cut short a long-planned trip toScandinavia to return here to deal with the economic crisis.    Said one U.S. analyst of Baker's weekend remarks, "Histiming could not have been worse."    One government bond salesman in New York said, "He actuallythought that yelling at the Germans, and threatening to smackthe dollar down would work. That doesn't show muchunderstanding of international monetary gamesmanship."    However, some analysts said West Germany's stubborn marchtoward higher interest rates may have forced Baker's hand.    "On the surface Baker may look responsible for this, but ifyou go back to see what caused it (unsettling of financialmarkets), it was West German policy," said Robert Brusca ofNikko Securities International in New York.    "All Mr. Baker did was to mention the obvious in public, somaking him responsible for it was a little like killing themessenger," he said.    After Monday's talks, the U.S. and West German governmentsmade it clear that the Louvre currency accord, pieced togetherin Paris in February, was still in effect.    Wall Street feared that collapse of the agreement might bea prelude to hyper-inflation and economic malaise similar tothe late 1970s. Analysts believe Monday's Wall Street crashwiped out about 500 billion dlrs in stock values.   Treasury sources said that Baker, already unhappy aboutBonn's refusal to stimulate its economy in order to keep theglobal recovery moving, was angered by a Bundesbank interestrate boost that seemed destined to do just the opposite.    He felt that the U.S. recovery, inching along in its 59thmonth, could no longer be the only engine of global economicexpansion. A growing U.S. economy has been serving as a hugemarket for debtor country exports.    Moreover, Baker, the consummate politician, was worriedthat the Republican party might face next year's presidentialelection with its main showpiece -- a vibrant economy -- badlytarnished.    A rise in global interest rates might worsen the debtcrisis and completely choke off U.S. economic growth that hasalready slowed to a tepid 3.2 pct annual rate.    "There's no doubt that it can have an adverse effect on theeconomy, and it's important that the psychology turn aroundquickly, or else obviously the panic will feed on itself, andeventually there'll be a serious price to pay economically,"former deputy Treasury Secretary Richard Darman said in atelevision interview.    In many ways, the official response was mild.    Washington was stunned by the sudden Wall Street retreat,with President Reagan speaking for most people by admittingthat he was "puzzled."    U.S. government sources said the secretary immediatelyreturned to the Treasury to be briefed on market developmentsand, presumably, their political impact.    For all of this, it seems unlikely that Baker's status inWashington will diminish because of the market fall.    Asked by reporters if somebody's head should roll becauseof the Wall Street retreat, Texas Democratic Senator LloydBentsen said with some irony, "Oh, I think it's much too late tobe doing that...You have an administration that's taken theattitude that we can put the country on automatic pilot and ---retire to the living room to take a nap. You just can't dothat." Reuter
Berkey Inc said it signed along-term agreement to distribute Walt Disney Co's &lt;DIS> homevideo cassettes.    Terms of the agreement were not disclosed.    The Walt Disney library currently consists of 18 movies,the company said. Reuter
A group of firms led by PS Group Inc&lt;PSG> said it increased its stake in Airlease Ltd depositaryunits representing limited partners interest to 700,400 units,or 15.1 pct of the total outstanding, from a previous figure ofapproximately 651,000 units, or 14 pct.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,the group said it bought 49,400 Airlease units between July 16andf October 15 at 17.23 dlrs to 17.60 dlrs a share.    No reason was given for the recent purchases. Reuter
Shr 22 cts vs 24 cts    Net 2,794,000 vs 2,993,000    Revs 91.4 mln vs 66.4 mln    Six mths    Shr 45 cts vs 39 cts    Net 5,677,000 vs 5,700,000    Revs 174.6 mln vs 132.8 mln    NOTE: 2nd qtr end August 31. Per share amounts adjusted for10 pct stock dividend paid June two, 1987. Reuter
Shr 25 cts vs 26 cts    Net 2,200,000 vs 2,100,000    Revs 8,500,000 vs 9,600,000    Nine mths    Shr 77 cts vs 63 cts    Net 6,900,000 vs 4,800,000    Revs 27.9 million vs 25.3 million Reuter
President Reagan said he was pleasedwith the actions of some banks to reduce their prime lendingrates today and said he sees room for a further decline ininterest rates.    "I believe there is room in the market for a further declinein interest rates," Reagan said in a statement as he left theWhite House to visit his wife Nancy at Bethesda Naval Hospital.    Reagan's statement followed a meeting with his top economicadvisers.    Reagan said he remains concerned about the market, but thatactions taken by the Federal Reserve have helped.    "Interest rates are down across the spectrum," Reagan said.    "Specifically, I am pleased that the bond market is strongand that foreign exchange markets are stable," Reagan said. Reuter
Shr profit seven cts vs loss 24 cts    Net profit 650,000 vs loss 2,327,000    Revs 34.3 mln vs 37.0 mln    Nine mths    Shr profit 38 cts vs profit 67 cts    Net profit 3,673,000 vs profit 6,474,000    Revs 108.4 mln vs 110.0 mln    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 5,360,000 dlrs,or 55 cts per share, and 6,339,000 dlrs, or 65 cts per share,respectively, from realized gains on investments.       1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 105,000 dlrs, or onecent per share, and 342,000 dlrs, or three cts per share,respectively, from realized gains on investments.    1986 qtr and nine mths includes charge 4,860,000, or 50 ctsper share from strengthening reserve for casualty claims. Reuter
Shr six cts vs 17 cts    Net 1,064,000 vs 2,676,000    Revs 144.6 mln vs 129.4 mln    Avg shrs 17.1 mln 16.1 mln    Six mths    Shr 13 cts vs 25 cts    Net 2,167,000 vs 4,029,000    Revs 248.0 mln vs 249.2 mln    Avg shrs 17.1 mln vs 16.1 mln Reuter
A collapse in U.S. stock prices has  hitJapanese investors hard, since they had shifted to stocks frombonds earlier this year, and will slow down Japanese capitalflows to the U.S., investors and stock brokers said.   Until recently Japanese net purchases of U.S. stocks wereprojected to leap to eight to 12 billion dlrs this year fromfour billion dlrs in 1986, securities industry sources said.   "The Japanese had suffered severely from U.S. bondinvestments and now (they are suffering) in U.S. stocks," saidHiroyuki Kondo of Yasuda Trust and Banking Co Ltd.    Japanese portfolio investment was concentrated in Treasurysecurities until early this year, which led to heavy currencylosses following the dollar's steep decline. Even though theirU.S. bond purchases moderated since then, Japanese investorscontinued to suffer losses as bond prices fell sharply inrecent months.    Now the historic fall in the U.S. stock market has stunnedJapanese investors, killing their appetite for U.S. stocks.    Keita Konishi of Sumitomo Life Insurance Co said while hisfirm was not panicked into an across-the-board sell-off of itsU.S. stock investments, he does not expect it to resume buyingstocks for some time.    There has been no panic selling by Japanese institutionalinvestors so far during the stock price nosedive, said SusumuUchiyama of Yamaichi Internatinal (America), Inc. Following thesteep decline, however, Japanese are not buying, even thoughU.S. stocks now appear bargain-priced, he said.    "There will be no big wave of Japanese investment in theU.S. for the time being," said Keiji Tsuda of Nissei BOT AssetManagement Corp, an investment advisory body to Nippon LifeInsurance Co.    "It's the time to think twice. The psychological impact (oninvestors' behaviour) will drag on considerably," he said.    The latest turmoil in the financial market was triggered byU.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker as he threatened a futherdollar fall in retaliation for higher West German interest raterises, and undermined foreign investors' confidence in thedollar, Tsuda said.    The U.S. economy is still sitting on the time bomb of hugebudget and trade deficits, he said, and investors' worries overthe twin problems have intensified.    "Before I thought the dollar's large fall (over the pasttwo years) would take out the detonator out of that bomb, butit hasn't," Tsuda said.    Investors and brokers said the Japanese for the first timehave experienced the enormous volatality of the New York stockmarket, often caused by "program trading."    A stock trader at Daiwa Securities America Inc said thatwhile Japanese investors had been attracted by American firms'superior performance relative to Japanese firms in terms ofearnings per share, U.S. stocks' downside potential is now muchlarger than that oJapanese stocks.    While the Japanese stock market has also taken a nosedive,it could be stabilized by the efforts of large Japanse firms.    A high percentage of Japanese equities are held bycompanies who will hold on to their stocks and the stocks ofother Japanese firms in order to strengthen their business tiesthrough this cross-holding relationship, analysts said.    Despite the massacare on the Wall Street, Japaneseinvestors are not expected to withdraw from U.S. stocks.    U.S. equities are in a process to be built indiversification of their portfolios and the portion of them isstill very small, Japanese investors said. But, it is unclearwhen the Japanese will resume purchasing U.S. stocks and muchdepends on the dollar's stability, they said.    Kondo of Yasuda Trust said Japanese investors are not fullyconvinced that Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan isdetermined to fend the dollar's value and check futureinflation in the U.S.    Because of uncertainty over the dollar's direction andinflation in the U.S., Japanese investors have not yet jumpedon the Treasury bonds despite the latest sharp bond yieldrises, investors said.    Konishi of Sumitomo Life said "A U.S. recession is beingtalked about, so it may be time to shift back to bonds, but Ifeel uneasy about buying any U.S. instruments right now."    Tsuda of Nissei questioned the strength of the recent rallyin U.S. government bond prices. He said the steep bond marketrally has no real trend as bond prices are rising on shortcovering and bills are rising on temporary fund shift from thestock market. Reuter
Dart Group Corp &lt;DARTA.O> affiliateMadison Partners said that given current market conditions ithas dropped its takeover bid for Dayton Hudson Corp.    The company said it sold 1.4 mln of its 4.6 mln shares ofDayton Hudson stock.    It said it intends to sell the rest of its Dayton Hudsonshares. At current market levels, it would suffer a 70 mln dlraftertax loss on its holding, a spokesman said.    Dart said it will not solicit authorization to call ameeting of Dayton Hudson shareholders.    Dart had offered to buy Dayton Hudson for 68 dlrs pershare, valuing the Minneapolis based retailer at 6.6 billiondlrs. That offer was rejected by the company.    Following the selloff in takeover stocks last week, and themarket's decline this week, Dayton Hudson stock closed at27-1/2 today, off 2-1/2.    Dart's holdings amounted to just under five pct of DaytonHudson.    A Dart spokesman said the 1.4 mln shares were sold in themarket today. Reuter
A new convoy of tankers escorted byAmerican warships headed down the Gulf on Wednesday, towardsIranian oil platforms still oozing smoke after having beingblasted by U.S. Navy raiders.    Some Gulf sea captains were reported to be steering wellclear of Iran's Silkworm missiles, however, and frontlineemirate Kuwait redeployed air defences to counter the threat.    "I think the predominant feeling ... Is of being scared thisconflict will escalate," a top West German Foreign Ministryofficial, Helmut Schaefer, told reporters in Bahrain after atour of three Gulf states.b    Shipping sources said on Tuesday night at least six seacaptains had voiced fears that Iran would avenge Monday's U.S.Raids by unleashing more Silkworm missiles at ships plying theGulf.    Belgium decided two minesweepers en route for the Gulfwould stay out for the time being following Monday's U.S.Action.    But there was no sign that the prospect of more tit-for-tatassaults had reduced the level of shipping activity in thearea.    Iran, having vowed to react strongly after Monday's U.S.Action, launched a barrage of threats and ridicule.    For its part, Washington warned Iran again on Tuesday thatit was ready for any further hostile action.    Pentagon officials then announced that a U.S. Guidedmissile destroyer began escorting two Kuwaiti tankers flyingthe U.S. flag southwards--the 80,000 tonne product carrierOcean City and 46,000 tonne petroleum tanker Gas King. Reuter
Metropolitan Consolidated Industries Incsaid it will make a tender offer for all or any of theoutstanding shares of common stock of Metex Corp &lt;MTX> notcurrently held by or under option to Metropolitan for 7.75 dlrsper share.    The company said the offer will be subject ot securingsatisfactory financing.    Metropolitan currently owns about 25.7 pct of Metex commonand holds options to purchase about an additional 16 pct ofMetex common stock.       Metropolitan said the offer will be made no later thanOctober 27. Reuter
Shr 22 cts vs 50 cts    Net 1.2 mln vs 2.2 mln    Sales 41.7 mln vs 38.3 mln    Note: BII Enterprises Inc Reuter
Simmons Airlines Inc said its board ofdirectors authorized a doubling in the company's stockrepurchase program to one mln shares from 500,000 shares.    The buyback would represent about 20 pct of its issuedshares, Simmons said.    The company said it bought 205,000 shares today, bringingits total repurchase since the program was authorized on July29 to 534,500 shares. It said Simmons now has 4,540,459 sharesoutstanding. Its stock closed at 5-5/8 bid and 5-3/4 offered.    Shares will be bought privately and in the open market, itsaid. Reuter
Artillery shells from an exchange of firebetween Iran and Iraq fell on Kuwait's northern border onTuesday but caused no casualties, the Kuwait News Agency KUNAsaid, quoting a Defense Ministry official.    There were rumors in world oil markets on Tuesday that Iranhad fired shells at an oil camp in northern Kuwait inretaliation for U.S. Attacks on Iranian oil platforms in theGulf on Monday. "Several shells fell in a random manner on thenorthern border of the country," the official told KUNA. "Itseems these shells arose from an exchange of fire between Iranand Iraq... No one was wounded and there were no losses."    Diplomats said shells from the nearby Iran-Iraq warfronthad in the past fallen in the northern Kuwaiti desert.    A senior Kuwait Petroleum Corporation official had earliertold Reuters he was unaware of any attack against Kuwaiti oilinstallations. Reuter
Shr 27 cts vs 20 cts    Net 3,411,000 vs 2,487,000    Revs 34.7 mln vs 31.9 mln    Six mths    Shr 51 cts vs 41 cts    Net 6,372,000 vs 5,090,000    Revs 68.1 mln vs 63.7 mln    Avg shrs 12.6 mln vs 12.5 mln Reuter
President Reagan said he had orderedthe administration to begin talks with congressional leaders ona budget deficit reduction plan.    Reagan said in a statement following a meeting with his topeconomic advisers that he was prepared to order across theboard spending cuts to comply with a Federal balanced budgetlaw, but preferred to negotiate with Congress.    He said he would consider anything the congressionalleadership proposed, but a spokesman said he remains opposed toraising taxes as a way to reduce the deficit.    "I think it is preferable, if possible that the executiveand legislative branches reach a budget deficit reductionpackage. Accordingly, I am directing that discussions beundertaken with the bipartisan leadership of the Congress forthat purpose," Reagan said.    Asked whether he would consider raising taxes, Reagan said"I am willing to look at whatever proposal they might have."    As Reagan boarded the helicopter to visit his wife Nancy atBethesda Naval Hospital, he was questioned as to whether thatmeant he was softening on his tax stance. Reagan replied "if youheard that it must have been the helicopter."    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater later told reportersthat Reagan was not changing his opposition to tax increases.Fitzwater said the administration would accept automatic cutsunder the Gramm Rudman balanced budget law rather than raisetaxes.    Earlier on Tuesday congressional leaders called for aneconomic summit with the White House to address the nation'sbudget and trade deficits that some analysts say were partly toblame for the stock market drop.    Reagan said he would be willing to participate personallyin any negotiations with Congress.    The White House earlier seemed to reject the idea ofnegotiating with Congress on the budget deficit.    Fitzwater said this morning that the White House continuedto oppose a budget summit with Congress on the grounds that itwould be used by Democrats as a platform to press for a taxincrease.    But Reagan announced his willingness to negotiate withCongress after meeting for about an hour with White House Chiefof Staff Howard Baker, Treasury Secretary James Baker, FederalReserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and chief economicadviser Beryl Sprinkel. Reuter
Bausch and Lomb Inc said itsboard of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to threemln of its 30.5 mln issued shares of common stock.    The company said recent turmoil in the financial marketshas resulted in its stock being priced substantially below alevel which it believes to be an accurate reflection of thecompany's present performance and future earnings potential.    The shares will be repurchased at management's discretion,either in the open market, or by private purchase, and will beused in connection with acquisitions, stock options andemployee benefit plans. Reuter
Pacific Stock Exchange ChairmanMaurice Mann said the exchange may have reached record volumeagain today, following yesterday's record 17.6 mln shares.    it looks like at least the same volume as yesterday, Mannsaid at a news conference following the close.    The exchange closed one-half hour early for the secondstraight day. Mann said the exchange will determine dailywhether or not to close early over the next several days.    Mann said the only major operational problem today occurredwhen the exchange had to stop trading 30 over-the-counteroptions, 17 of which trading were restored later in the day.    He said the options had to be halted because priceinformation on the underlying stocks was not being disseminatedon the floor quickly enough.    "You cannot trade an option, unless you know how much itsworth," he said.    Mann said the exchange's computer system was working betterthan had been expected under the pressure of the heavy tradingvolume.    "This system was not designed to do what it did today andyesterday," he said.    He said technical adjustments to the system since yesterdayimproved today's operations. He would not elaborate.    Mann said the decision to close the exchange early was notdue to concerns over the vulnerability of being open one halfhour after New York closed. Rather, he said, it was to allowtrades to be tallied in conformance with other exchanges.    In Los Angeles, traders said although trading was hectic,they were able to keep up with orders better than yesterday.    "We could handle the orders we got. Things seem to besmoothing out," said Richard Goforth, a partner with CrowellWeedon and Co who trades on the Los Angeles exchange floor.    Goforth, added, however, traders expected to be there intothe evening sorting out the paperwork on their trades.    Jefferies and Co Director of Trading James Melton said thefirm has been extremely busy making markets in halted stocksand in after hours trading. He said Jefferies has been tradingabout 15 hours a day, beginning at 0300 pdt.    Melton said Jefferies made markets in such blue chip stocksas International Business Machines &lt;IBM>, Allegis Corp &lt;AEG>and Merck and Co &lt;MRK> while they were halted on the exchanges.    Melton declined to give volumes of off-market trading thecompany has been doing, but said, "its just very, very busy...when the stocks are halted our markets are very active." Hesaid he expects the heavy volume to continue through the week.    While sellers still predominated, Melton added, "peoplewere bottom fishing a little bit in the blue chips...but itsvery nervous." Reuter
First RepublicBank Corp, the largest bankholding company in Texas, reported a loss of 6.3 mln dlrs forthe third quarter and said that its non-performing loans rosesharply because of a further deterioration in Texas's realestate market.    There was no comparable figure for the third quarter of1986 because the company was formed in June 1987 through themerger of RepublicBank Corp and Interfirst Corp.    Non-performing loans were 3.1 billion dlrs at the end ofSeptember, or 12.4 pct of total assets, mpared with 9.5 pctat the end of the second quarter.    Loans secured by real estate accounted for about 90 pct ofthe 706 mln dlr increase in non-performing loans in the thirdquarter, First Republicbank said.    It said the poor shape of the office and retail housingmarkets in Dallas, Houston and Austin will continue to holdback earnings.    "As indicated earlier in 1987 by First RepublicBank, thecompany will continue to assess future common stock dividendpayments relative to earnings performance," GeraldFronterhouse, chairman and chief executive officier, said in astatement.    First RepublicBank said its third-quarter loan lossprovision of 106 mln dlrs and net charge-offs of 87 mln dlrsleft its total allowance for credit losses at 1.14 billiondlrs, or 4.6 pct of the loan portfolio.    The company's primary capital amounted to 7.9 pct of assetsat the end of September.    The 6.3 mln dlr loss was sustained despite a 29 mln dlr cutin overhead, achieved partly by staff attrition. The size ofthe combined staffs of the two banks has been cut by 12 pct sofar this year, and Fronterhouse said the bank is ahead of theschedule it set for achieving savings through the merger. Reuter
Shr 54 cts vs 53 cts    Net 4,193,000 vs 4,052,000    Revs 75.2 mln vs 63.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.98 dlrs vs 1.75 dlrs    Net 15.4 mln vs 13.5 mln    Revs 223.4 mln vs 199.5 mln Reuter
The Pacific Stock Exchange said that dueto huge backups and computer difficulties, its closing figureswould not be available until later this evening.    The exchange did not specify what time the figures would bereleased. Reuter
CityFed Financial Corp said itwould stop issuing common stock to a variety of shareholder andemployee groups.    The company, which said on Monday it will repurchase up toone mln shares of common in the open market, said it will nolonger issue common stock for its dividend reinvestment andstock purchase plan, or for the employee thrift and profitsharing plan of its City Federal Savings Bank unit.    It also said it would no longer grant a five pct marketdiscount on shares purchased by reinvested dividends under thedividend reinvestment and stock puurchase plan. Reuter
The United States may lift anadditional 84 mln dlrs in trade sanctions against Japan laterthis month, Reagan Administration officials said.    President Reagan imposed 300 mln dlrs in sanctions onJapanese goods last April for its failure to honor a 1986agreement to end dumping semiconductors in the U.S. and thirdcountry markets and to open its home market to U.S. goods.    The move raised tariffs to 100 pct from about five pct onJapanese color television sets, hand-held power tools andportable computers.    Reagan lifted 51 mln dlrs of the sanctions last June  afterJapan ended selling the semiconductors on the U.S. market atbelow production costs.    Semiconductors are the small silicon chips used for memoryand recall purposes in a wide variety of computers.    The Administration officials said Commerce Department monitors showed that Japan was ending its dumping of thesemiconductors in third countries, where they had been takingsales away from American-made semiconductors.    They said it was likely the 51 mln dlrs in sanctions wouldbe lifted by the end of the month.    The United States and Japan remain at odds over opening theclosed Japanese markets to U.S. goods.    U.S. and Japanese officials reviewed Japan's compliancewith the agreement earlier this week.    The periodic reviews are to continue and the remainingsanctions to stay in force, the officials said, until Japan isin full compliance with the semiconductor agreement. reuter
American Telephone and Telegraph Co andTelerate Inc said they will form a joint partnership to developand market electronic transaction services for global financialmarkets.    The companies said the partnership will provide a systemthat gives international money traders the ability to managetransactions instantaneously.    Reuter

CIP Inc, wholly-owned by CanadianPacific Ltd, is considering building a pulp mill in Texas whichwould use kenaf fibre instead of wood, CIP president CecilSlenniken said in an interview.     The kenaf plant is a member of the hibiscus family and wasartificially developed several years ago. The plant, which hasbeen grown in Southern Texas, reaches a height of 10 feet inthree months and is said to produce better quality newsprintthan wood pulp, a CIP official said.     Slenniken said the company has commissioned studies for a200,000 tonne capacity pulp mill which would use the fibre butwould need partners to begin the project.    "We are not yet ready to commit the hundreds of millions ofdollars it would take for such a project," Slenniken said.     He said CIP has been using the pulp on a trial basis tomake newsprint containing 90 pct kenaf fibre and 10 pctsoftwood fibre at its Trois-Rivieres, Quebec plant.    CIP, Canada's second largest newsprint producer, recentlylaunched a 366 mln Canadian dlr newsprint mill at Gold River,British Columbia which is due begin producing 230,000 metrictonnes per year by fall of 1989. Reuter
Shr 83 cts vs 67 cts    Net 10,052,000 vs 7,929,000    Avg shrs 12,161,000 vs 11,824,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.33 dlrs vs 1.91 dlrs    Net 28,110,000 vs 22,386,000    Avg shrs 12,078,000 vs 11,729,000    Assets 5.9 billion vs 5.7 billion    Deposits 5.3 billion vs 4.8 billion    Loans and leases 4.2 billion vs 4.0 billion Reuter
Trace Products Inc said its stock-swapmerger agreement with privately held Central Point Software hasbeen suspended indefinitely because of uncertainty in the stockmarket.    Trace Products, which manufactures diskette and tapeduplication equipment for software publishers, had earlieragreed to acquire Portland, Ore.-based Central Point for 5.5mln shares of its common stock. Reuter
Shr profit one cent vs loss 29 cts    Net profit 116,000 vs loss 4,195,000    Revs 20.2 mln vs 6,393,000 Reuter
Oper shr 38 cts vs 1.84 dlrs    Oper net 973,000 vs 4,497,000    Nine mths    Oper shr 1.22 dlrs vs 1.31 dlrs    Oper net 3,133,000 vs 3,410,000    NOTE: Results exclude extraordinary gain from net losscarryforward of 672,000 dlrs or 27 cts in 1987 3rd qtr, 918,000dlrs 38 cts in 1986 3rd qtr, and 1,071,000 dlrs or 44 cts in1987 nine months. 1986 results include 5.1 mln dlr gain fromtermination of defined benefit pension plan. Reuter
President Reagan said the UnitedStates remains committed to the Louvre accord in which theseven major industrial nations agreed to stabilize currencyexchange rates.    "The United States remains committed to the Louvreagreement," Reagan said in a statement following a meeting withhis top economic advisers.    Reagan said the United States, Japan and West Germany hadall reaffirmed their commitment to coordinate economicpolicies.    Reagan said Japanese Prime Minister-designate NoboruTakeshita said in a telephone conversation Tuesday morning that"his (Takeshita's) top priority was to maintain stable economicrelations with the United States."    Reagan noted that Treasury Secretary James Baker met withWest German financial officials and reaffirmed their commitmentto the Louvre agreement.    They "reaffirmed our agreement to coordinate economicpolicies to provide for non-inflationary growth and stableexchange rates," Reagan said. Reuter
Qtly div 33 cts vs 32-1/2 cts    Pay Dec one    Record Nov six    Note: Canadian Utilities Ltd. Reuter
A shareholder group includingEntregrowth Interational Ltd, of Auckland, New Zealand, said itlifted its stake in Suave Shoe Corp common stock to 319,600shares, or 11.5 pct of the total outstanding, from a previousfigure of approximately 238,400 shares, or 8.6 pct.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,the group said it bought 81,200 Suave Shoe common shares inopen market transactions between October 1 and 19 at 8.34 dlrsto 10.07 dlrs a share.    No reason was given for the purchases. Reuter
Shr 51 cts vs 36 cts    Net 5,600,000 vs 4,000,000    Revs 115.4 mln vs 91.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 61 cts    Net 10.7 mln vs 5,800,000    Revs 308.2  mln vs 249.5 mlln    NOTE: 1986 resutls restated on pro forma basis to reflectcomparable treatment of Budget's leveraged buyout on September30, 1986, and initial common stock offering on May 22, 1987. Reuter
Qtrly div 34 cts vs 40 cts prior    Pay Nov 21    Record Nov Four Reuter
Shr 12 cts vs 10 cts    Net 1,600,000 vs 1,314,000    Revs 17.6 mln vs 12.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr 58 cts vs 43 cts    Net 7,624,000 vs 5,336,000    Revs 56.8 mln vs 40.1 mln Reuter
Net 1,137,000 vs 1,185,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.17 dlrs vs 2.03 dlrs    Net 3,645,000 vs 3,384,000    Assets 374.4 mln vs 355.4 mln    NOTE: Per shr data in qtr not disclosed. Reuter
Shr loss 15 cts vs loss 19 cts    Net loss 2,161,000 vs loss 2,873,000    Revs 24.5 mln vs 22.6 mln Reuter
Shr 10 cts vs two cts    Net 262,000 vs 38,000    Revs 11.2 mln vs 5,858,000    Avg shrs 2,589,045 vs 2,588,364    Nine mths    Shr 46 cts vs 26 cts    Net 1,179,000 vs 601,000    Revs 32.7 mln vs 18.7 mln    NOTE: All per shr data adjusted to reflect 10 pct stockdividend distributed in 2nd qtr 1987. Reuter
Shr loss 35 cts vs profit 18 cts shr    Net loss 946,300 vs profit 502,500    Revs 17.3 mln vs 16.8 mln Reuter
Former Treasury Secretary William Simonsharply criticised President Reagan for irresponsible fiscalpolicies that contributed to this week's stock price collapse.    "(Reagan) fell for that siren song that you can cut taxeswithout cutting spending and that we would 'grow our way out ofthis,' and everything would be wonderful," Simon said, in anapparent reference to the massive U.S. budget deficit.    "Every time we hear that nonsense we ought to howl withpain as we were howling yesterday and are howling today," hesaid in an interview taped this afternoon for the MacNeilLehrer Newshour which will air at 1930 EDT (2330 GMT).    Simon, who held his post under presidents Nixon and Ford,said Reagan's tax cuts are positive for saving and investment.    And he blamed Congress for causing the U.S.'s fiscalproblems by putting self-interest ahead of national interest.    "It's not only the president. It's Congress ... underRepublicans and Democrats alike," he said. "They're a bunch ofhypocrites who have one credo -- that credo is 'more.'" Reuter
First Mississippi Corp said inview of the recent decline in its stock price due to the dropin the stock market, it is considering a repurchase of itscommon stock.    The company did not say how many shares it would repurchasebut said that it has about 13 mln dlrs available for suchactions.    The company also said its first quarter earnings, to bereleased next week, will be substantially better than the 33cts per share last year.       Results will also include a gain of about 44 cts per sharefrom the sale of a portion of the company's interest inMelamine Chemicals, the company said.    The company said its plan for corporate restructuring isproceeding on schedule and that proceeds from the 49 mln dlrcoal supply contract settlement with &lt;Tampa Electric Co> havebeen received and will be used to reduce debt.    First Mississippi is a diversified resource company. Reuter
Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 1.16 dlrs    Net 10.1 mln vs 8,910,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.42 dlrs vs 3.30 dlrs    Net 19.8 mln vs 25.4 mln    Assets 4.3 billion vs 3.8 billion    Deposits 3.4 billion vs 3.1 billion    Loans 2.6 billion vs 2.3 billion Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said ICProducts Co's BBB-plus senior debt is under review withnegative implications. Also, Pneumo-Abex Corp's BBB-plus seniordebt and BBB subordinated debt are being reviewed with"developing" implications.    Both firms are units of IC Industries Inc whose debt is notrated by S and P. About 65 mln dlrs of debt is affected.    S and P said it is reviewing management's current businessobjectives and the resources needed to achieve them indetermining the credit quality impact of an expandedrestructuring program. Reuter
The Commodity Futures TradingCommission said futures markets collected clearing marginscalled following feverish futures trading on Monday.    "The Commission remains in frequent contact with thefutures markets which trade stock index futures and options,each of which has confirmed the collection of clearing marginscalled for as a consequence of futures trading on Monday,October 19, 1987," the CFTC said in a statement.    Four U.S. exchanges briefly halted stock index futurestrading Tuesday, and the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) urgedmembers to refrain from using program trading.    Acting CFTC Chairman Kalo Hineman said CFTC continued to"closely monitor the financial integrity of firms withpositions in the stock index futures and options markets."    A futures industry official said there was some concernamong industry leaders that stock index futures would be blamedfor the stock market's nosedive on Monday.    "This is an equity market problem," the official said. "Our(U.S.) budget deficit, (and) what's going on in the Gulf appearto be much more responsible because they shape what's happeningin futures markets."    Some lawmakers focused criticism on index arbitragetrading.    Republican Senator John Heinz said he recommended to theWhite House that daily trading limits be applied to stock indexfutures and that index futures margins be raised.    Democrat Representative Charles Schumer said Congress wouldconsider new controls over margin requirements. Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said itdowngraded to CCC-plus from single-B Del E. Webb Corp's &lt;DWP>30 mln dlrs of outstanding subordinated debt.    It said the issue was removed from Creditwatch, where itwas placed on July 27 due to the deteriorating operatingperformance at Webb's minority owned and managed Atlantic Cityand Nevada casino/hotel businesses.    S and P said the downgrade reflects the casinos' dismalearnings and cash flow prospects and Webb's resultant weakenedfinancial condition. Reuter
Southland Corp said it was told the Securities and Exchange Commission ordered a privateinvestigation into Southland stock trading and statements madeby the company this year.    "Southland has been advised that the Commission has issueda private order of investigation concerning the trading ofSouthland stock during various times in 1987 and the issuanceof various public statements by Southland," Southland said in aproxy statement to shareholders.    Southland did not elaborate on the SEC order ofinvestigation, and company officials could not be reached forcomment late Tuesday.    The SEC has a long-standing policy against confirming ordenying the existence of investigations.    The proxy statement, filed with the Securities and ExchangeCommission, is required for a November 5 shareholders meetingcalled to approve the previously announced acquisition ofSouthland by a company controlled by Southland chairman JohnThompson and members of his family.    Earlier this year, a group led by Thompson acquiredmajority ownership of Southland through a 77 dlrs a sharetender offer for 31.5 mln shares of Southland common stock.    If the merger is approved, common stock still outstandingwill be converted into the right to receive 61.32 dlrs a sharein cash plus a fraction of a share of preferred stock. Reuter
Qtr ends Aug 31    Shr 22 cts vs 24 cts    Net 2,794,000 vs 2,993,000    Revs 91.4 mln vs 66.4 mln    Six mths    Shr 45 cts vs 45 cts    Net 5,677,000 vs 5,700,000    Revs 174.6 mln vs 132.8 mln    NOTE: full name of company is continental informationsystems corp. Reuter
Shr 15 cts vs 27 cts    Net 4,358,947 vs 7,786,640    Revs 140.8 mln vs 121.2 mln    Year    Shr 86 cts vs 1.06 dlrs    Net 24.8 mln vs 30.5 mln    Revs 560.3 mln vs 487.7 mln Reuter
Shr 28 cts vs 21 cts    Net 4,653,815 vs 3,564,451    Revs 34.0 mln vs 12.8 mln    Nine mths    Shr 61 cts vs 53 cts    Net 10.4 mln vs 8,881,825    Revs 61.8 mln vs 38.4 mln    NOTE: Per shr amounts are after giving retroactive effectfor a 2-for-1 split effected as a 100 pct stock dividend whichwas paid June 1, 1987.Net includes net realized investmentgains of 1,213,471 vs 937,801 in nine mths 1987 vs 1986, and604,172 vs 474,556 in qtr 1987 vs 1986. Net includes netinvestment income of 12.5 mln vs 11.2 mln in nine mths 1987 vs1986, and 4,480,540 vs 3,781,245 in qtr 1987 vs 1986. Reuter
Federal Realty Investment Trust said itsmanagement has been authorized to purchase up to one mln of itscommon shares at current market prices in open markettransactions.    The company had 13.6 mln shares outstanding as of September30.    The company said it was making the purchases because itsstock represented an excellent investment in light of currentmarket conditions.    Federal Realty will finance the buy-back through availablecash funds. Reuter
Payless Cashways Inc said it willrepurchase up to one mln of its common shares from time to timein the open market.    The company, which has 34.7 mln shares outstanding, calledthe stock buyback a good investment at current prices. Itsstock closed at 12-1/2, down 1/8, following a 3-3/8 point dropon Monday. Reuter
Shr eight cts vs 12 cts    Net 1,016,552 vs 980,834    Revs 6,786,579 vs 4,356,561    NOTE: Invitron went public on October seven. Reuter
ICOT Corp said it willperiodically repurchase up to 7,500,000 of its 10,800,000outstanding shares.    The company said funds for the buy-back will come fromworking capital.    Reuter
&lt;First Federal Savings and LoanAssociation of Wooster> said it declared its first quarterlydividend of seven cts per share.    The dividend is payable November 20 to stockholders ofrecord November 2, the company said.    The company converted to a stock savings and loan on April7, 1987. Reuter
Circle K Corp said it may purchase upto three mln shares of its common stock.    A company spokesman said Circle K has 52.6 mln sharesoutstanding.    Circle K said the purchases would be made on the openmarket Reuter
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior    Pay December 15    Record December 1 Reuter
Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 78 cts    Net 109.2 mln vs 83.9 mln    Revs 561.3 mln vs 460.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.61 dlrs vs 1.91 dlrs    Net 273.8 mln vs 206.6 mln    Revs 1.56 billion vs 1.27 billion    NOTE: Per shr amounts reflect the 2-for-1 split toshareholders of record on June 1, 1987.       For qtr and nine mths 1987, exchange rate fluctuations hada favorable sales impact of 25.9 mln dlrs and 70.3 mln dlrs,respectively.    Net in nine mths 1986 includes income from discontinuingoperations of 10.1 mln or nine cts per shr, and income of 3.9mln dlrs or four cts per shr in qtr 1986. Reuter
The nation's exchanges and brokeragehouses said their computers systems have been strained by theavalanche of trading triggered by the past week's stock marketcollapse.    And while the financial instry's hi-tech resources havebeen able to handle the crisis, the sudden surge in tradingvolume will likely force the exchanges and securities firms torevamp their computer systems and communications networksseveral years earlier than they had planned, industry officialssaid.    "We had already started certain processes to increase theNew York Stock Exchange's capacity," said Jim Squyres, aspokesman for the Securities Industry Automation Corp, whichruns the central computer network for the New York and AmericanStock Exchanges.    "We will have to seriously consider speeding that up," hesaid. After three straight days of record volume, however, manyexchanges were pushing their systems to untested limits. Andwhile the exchanges said their computers were handling thecrush, brokers and traders complained about lost trades anddelayed price quotes.    The most serious problems arose on Monday, when a recordfall of 508 points in the dow and volume of more than 600 mlnshares on the New york stock exchange stunned the entireindustry.    The American Stock Exchange's order-routing system crashedjust 10 minutes before trading closed. The Pacific StockExchange suspended business a half-hour early so it could catchup with a massive backlog of trades.    And the price-quote feed supplied by the NYSE was cut offseveral times during the day, leaving some traders with quotesthat were often 45 minutes behind the actual market.     Although the computers whirred away late into the night,the exchanges opened on time Tuesday and problems were fewer,even though NYSE volume swelled to 610 mln shares. Combinedvolume of the NYSE, American and over-the-counter exchangestopped 900 mln shares.    "I think we're equipped for this kind of trading," saidPaul Stevens, executive vice president of operations for theAmerican Stock Exchange.    "The problem is less the computers, which are handling thevolume, than the strain on people," he said.        "The computers might turn out to be the heroes of thiswhole thing," added DuWayne Peterson, executive vice presidentof technology at Merrill Lynch and Co Inc.    In fact, officials said the biggest constraint on tradingwas caused by some of the oldest machines on exchange floors,the card printers that issue the buy and sell orders.    But even as computer executives spoke with awe about theirsystems' ability to hold up under unprecedented pressure, theystarted to plan for the future.     "We had to do a lot of innovative things to handle thisvolume," said Squyres of the Securities Industry AutomationCorp (SIAC), which is jointly owned by the New York andAmerican Stock exchanges.    SIAC had planned to boost the capacity of its system by upto 50 pct by 1990. But that and other improvements will now bemade much earlier.    Meanwhile, New York Telephone Co said Monday's panicselling did not wreak havoc on its telephone system.    "It was a normally heavy business day," said companyspokesman Steve Marcus. Reuter
TLX Partners, a group led by AsherEdelman, does not see any problems with its 65 dlr per sharebid for Telex Corp, a Shearson Lehman official advising thegroup said.    Several other takeover proposals have crumbled followingdeclines in financial markets, leading to speculation thatEdelman might also drop his offer. Telex fell 11 to 34-1/4.    Earlier today, Carl Icahn dropped his bid to take TransWorld Airlines Inc &lt;TWA> private and Dart Group Corp &lt;DARTA.O>said it abandoned plans to acquire Dayton Hudson Corp &lt;DH>.    Both cited market conditions.    "Nothing fundamental has changed with the company. Thestock price has changed, but the company hasn't changed sothere's no reason for us to change," said Daniel Good, head ofShearson Lehman merchant banking.    "Things are proceeding as planned, and we fully expect thatat the time we have to pay for the shares the financing will bein place," Good said.    Shearson has agreed to provide bridge financing of up to 600 mln dlrs for the Edelman group. Reuter
Shr 46 cts vs 55 cts    Net 3,532,000 vs 4,217,000    Revs 54 mln vs 52.4 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.97 dlrs vs 1.98 dlrs    Net 15.0 mln vs 14.8 mln    Revs 176.2 mln vs 176.9 mln Reuter
Shr primary 92 cts vs 1.09 dlrs    Shr diluted 82 cts vs 97 cts    Net 21.8 mln vs 26.1 mln    Nine mths    Shr primary 3.07 dlrs vs 2.96 dlrs    Shr diluted 2.72 dlrs vs 2.44 dlrs    Net 73.2 mln vs 65.3 mln    Assets 14.29 billion vs 12.35 billion    Deposits 9.52 billion vs 8.69 billion    Loans 8.79 billion vs 8.69 billion Reuter
MDS Health Group Ltd said that massspectrometry equipment developed and made by its Sciex divisionwill be used in British-made contraband detection systems beingpurchased by the Japanese government.    The company said the Japanese customs bureau placed aninitial 21 mln dlr order.    The equipment is able to detect illegal drugs in cargo, thecompany said. The systems are made by British Aerospace&lt;BAEL.L>. Reuter
The U.S. Senate on Tuesday backedPresident Reagan's retaliatory strike against Iranian targetsin the Gulf as it moved to take a greater role in making policyin the volatile region.    Senators voted 92-1 for a non-binding measure that endorsedMonday's U.S. attack on two Iranian oil platforms inretaliation for an Iranian attack last Friday on a Kuwaiti shipflying the American flag.    The measure said the attack was a firm indication of U.S.resolve that Iran "cannot take military action against theUnited States with impunity."    Earlier, the Senate cut off Republican stalling tactics andset a vote on a measure that could give Congress a larger rolein making Gulf policy. The measure, however, does not requireReagan to comply with the 1973 War Powers Act, which could leadto a pullout of U.S. forces from the Gulf.    While Democrats and Republicans praised the U.S.retaliatory strike, many voiced new fears about the growingU.S. involvement in the Gulf and some demanded that Reagancomply with the War Powers Act. Reuter
Canada will propose at the new round ofinternational trade talks that most trade-distorting farmsubsidies be phased out over a five year period, Trade MinisterPat Carney said.    "Agricultural subsidies and trade barriers have created avicious circle which continues to cause problems ofoverproduction and low commodity prices," Carney told the Houseof Commons.    Carney was outlining the government's new position on thefarm trade problem that was tabled on Tuesday in Geneva in themultilateral talks under the GATT (General Agreement on Tariffsand Trade).    While few details were released, Carney said the governmentwould also be pressing for an improvement in market access andnew measures to ensure countries do not erect artificialbarriers.    "Under the Canadian proposal, all countries would have toensure that domestic policies and programs to address thespecific needs of their farm sectors do not distort trade," agovernment background paper said.    "Furthermore, in assessing the trade impact of programs,credit could be given to countries which effectively controlthe output of farm products," the papers said. Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said it isreviewing for downgrade United Artists Communications Inc'ssingle-B rating on 490 mln dlrs of outstanding andshelf-registered subordinated debt.    Placed under review with positive implications were UnitedCable Television Corp's B-minus rating on 250 mln dlrs ofoutstanding subordinated debt and preliminary B-plus senior andB-minus subordinated ratings on 200 mln dlrs ofshelf-registered debt.    S and P said the reviews reflect its perception of theimplications of a proposed merger involving the two firms. Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said it maydowngrade the 100 mln dlrs of B-plus 13-5/8 pct seniorsubordinated debentures due 1997 of Bally Health and TennisCorp, a unit of Bally Manufacturing Corp.    S and P cited the parent's proposals to sell Bally Healthfor more than 500 mln dlrs to an investor group. It noted thetransaction includes the assumption of Bally Health's debt.    Although the investor group's plans are not known, theacquisition will probably be debt financed and markedlyincrease Bally Health's financial risk. S and P said the saleof the unit would increase the parent's financial position.    In a related action, Standard and Poor's affirmed the debtratings of Bally Manufacturing and related entities. Affirmedwere BB first mortgage bonds, BB-minus second mortgage bondsand B-plus subordinated debt.    S and P said pro-form debt leverage for BallyManufacturing, adjusted to capitalize operating leases, dropsto a still high 68 pct from an aggressive 75.5 pct at June 30.Adjusted for asset sales, the parent company's return oncapital, 11.6 pct in 1986, should remain subpar, S and P said. Reuter
MGM/UA Communications Cosaid it signed an agreement with CST Communications Co for thepurpose of financing American motion picture projects.    CST is an American corporation formed by C. Itoh and Co Ltd&lt;CITT.T>, Suntory Ltd and Tokyo Broadcasting Systems Inc&lt;TBRS.T>.    The company did not detail the agreement. Reuter
Shr 1.18 dlrs vs 87 cts    Net 149.6 mln vs 134.0 mln    Revs 1.10 billion vs 956.4 mln    Nine mths    Shr 3.36 dlrs vs 2.42 dlrs    Net 428.1 mln vs 373.7 mln    Revs 3.13 billion vs 2.70 billion    Avg shrs 127.3 mln vs 154.5 mln    NOTE: 1986 results include 25 mln dlr reduction ofoperating income for the relaunch of Contac. Reuter
First Commercial Bancorp said it willacquire the three-branch Citizens Bank of Roseville in a stockswap.    The value of the agreement will be based on Citizens'adjusted book value at year end and the trading price of FirstCommercial's stock.    Citizens' book value was about 1.9 mln dlrs at the end ofthe third quarter, according to the bank's counsel, Guy Gibson.Under the agreement, Citizens shareholders could also tradetheir stock for a five-year debenture issued by FirstCommercial. Terms of the debenture have not been established. Reuter
United Artists Communications Inc and&lt;United Cable Television Corp> said they have indefinitelysuspended negotiations on a proposed merger of their companiespreviously announced.    The companies cited a combination of extraordinary marketconditions and unresolved terms of the merger as contributingto the action. Reuter
Shr 41 cts vs 33 cts    Net 10.2 mln vs 8,309,000    Revs 193.3 mln vs 157.7 mln    Nine months    Shr 1.29 dlrs vs 1.02 dlrs    Net 32.1 mln vs 25.4 mln    Revs 582 mln vs 486.5 mln Reuter
Shr 56 cts vs 68 cts    Net 8,327,000 vs 9,738,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.19 dlrs vs 1.67 dlr    Net 32.8 mln vs 24.8 mln    Avg shrs 15.0 mln vs 14.9 mln    Assets 5.58 billion vs 4.34 billion    Deposits 3.60 billion vs 3.27 billion    Loans 2.96 billion vs 2.90 billion Reuter
Sept 30 end    Shr six cts vs 17 cts    Net 1,064,000 vs 2,676,000    Revs 144.6 mln vs 129.4 mln    Avg shrs 17,121,000 vs 16,065,000    Six months    Shr 13 cts vs 25 cts    Net 2,167,000 vs 4,029,000    Revs 248 mln vs 249.2 mln    Avg shrs 17,121,000 vs 16,065,000 Reuter
BSD Medical Corp said Alan LHimber has been appointed chairman of the board, replacing JohnE. Langdon, who resigned.    BSD said Langdon's close businees associates, Philip D.Dixon III and Robert E. McCarroll, all resigned as directors.New board members will be appointed in the near future.    Himber became the majority stockholder of the company inJune.    Reuter
National Self Storage saidhas sold nine storage facilities to Southmark Corp for 37.1 mlndlrs.    National Self, a developer of storage space for businessrecords, said the purchase includes nine storage facilties.National Self also said it and Southmark plan a two-year 100facility expansion program in South Florida and across thecountry. Reuter
W.R. Grace and Co said a federaldistrict court jury in Chicago has ordered it to pay 100 mlndlrs in damages, based on a judgment involving a loan agreementwith Continental Illinois National Bank &lt;CIL>.    The company said the damages consist of 25 mln dlrs incompensatory damages and 75 mln dlrs in punitive damages.    It said it will appeal the ruling. The company said thelitigation "involved an interpretation of a complex financingarrangement entered into with Continental Illinois NationalBank &lt;CIL> which transferred the loan to the Federal DepositInsurance Corp upon restructuring of the bank."    The company said it believes the appeal will be successful.    Separately, it said it has resumed the periodic purchasesof up to 2.3 mln shares of Grace common stock in unsolicitedopen market and privately negotiated transactions.    The company has about 42.2 mln common shares outstanding. Reuter
Qtly div 63 cts vs 62 cts    Pay Nov 20    Record Nov 3 Reuter
Foreign investment in Mexico stood atend August at 17.8 billion dlrs, following an increase of 900mln dlrs in the first eight months, the Trade and IndustrialDevelopment Ministry said.    It said authorized investments rose 30 pct last year,equivalent to 2.45 billion dlrs, and expected a similarincrease for 1987 as a whole. Reuter
The Swiss Mortgage Institute(Schweizerischer Hypothekarinstitute) is issuing a 160 mlnSwiss franc five pct 12-year bond priced at 100.5 pct, leadmanager Credit Suisse said.    Subscriptions run until Oct. 29. Reuter
Chile's military rulers imposed a rangeof punishments, ranging from fines to loss of political andcivil rights, for those convicted of belonging to bannedMarxist parties.     Any newspaper or magazine publishing their views riskedtemporary suspension.   The crackdown came in an ammendment to the Constitutionapproved by the Military Junta, the country's legislature, onwhich the four branches of the Armed Forces are represented. Reuter







The Bank of Japan bought around 50 billionyen of 10-year government bonds in an operation seen aimed atallaying fears of a collapse in the market, bond traders said.    The central bank bought the 6.8 pct 73rd, 6.5 pct 80th, and5.1 pct 89th issues.    Yield on the key 89th bond due 1996 subsequently fell to5.560 pct in early trading from 5.920 pct at the close onTuesday, after opening at 5.600 pct.    The market had generally welcomed the operation and tradingvolume had been gradually increasing. There was some retailbargain-hunting for less active issues, traders said. REUTER
The Bank of Japan reassured a nervous moneymarket after the sharp fall in Tokyo stock prices yesterday byconducting a 200 billion yen commercial bill purchaseoperation, money traders said.    The central bank injected funds through three-monthrepurchase agreements which mature on January 11 and bearinterest of 3.9375 pct, identical to this morning's rates onthree-month commercial bills.    The operation was done partly to roll over 300 billion yenin commercial bills maturing this morning. Money market sourcesproject a 260 billion yen surplus today.    In the bond market, the Bank of Japan offered to buy around50 billion yen of 10-year government bonds, encouraging analready firm tone in bond prices, dealers said.    The Bank of Japan was trying to reassure marketparticipants that it was ready to supply funds whenever themarket needed them, especially after Tuesday's plunge in Tokyostock prices, securities house traders said.    The widely held market belief that interest rates wereheading higher was a major cause of the recent tumble in bondmarket prices and one reason behind the stock market plunge,they said. REUTER
The "Black Monday" stock market crashfailed to destroy Americans' faith in the economic soundness ofthe country, according to a poll released on Tuesday.    The ABC-Washington Post poll, taken after the close ofstock trading on Monday, showed 58 pct did not believe theunprecedented slide in stock prices foretold an economicdownturn, and 70 pct rejected the notion the country faced a1930s-style Depression.    Fifty-three pct of those interviewed said they had ownedstocks at some point, and only one pct said they had sold anyas a result of Monday's decline.    Of the 40 pct who currently held stocks, only two pct saidthey planned to sell some and four pct said they planned tobuy.    The poll of 507 men and women was taken by telephone onMonday night, after the Dow Jones Industrial Average plungedmore than 500 points, or 22 pct, in record volume. REUTER




Monday's stock market collapse couldspell disaster for Republican hopes of retaining the WhiteHouse in 1988 -- if it proves to be the start of a generaleconomic downturn -- political experts said.    "The question is does the stock market (decline) signal animpending recession. If that is the case the Republicans willhave a very difficult time winning," independent politicalanalyst William Schneider told Reuters. "If the Democratsnominate anyone halfway credible they would win," he added.    Schneider's comments, on the heels of a 500-point declinein the bellwheter Dow Jones stock market average, reflected theold political adage that elections are almost always decided byvoters' feelings about their financial well being.    "There is no doubt people always vote their pocketbook andwe don't expect 1988 to be any different," says Donald Foley,the top spokesman for Missouri Representative RichardGephardt's Democratic presidential campaign.    Foley added that the five-year old stock market rally hasshown amazing resilience and "there's no telling where themarket will be by the end of the week."    President Reagan said he was puzzled by the day's events,but is convinced the economy is fundamentally sound.    "I think everyone is puzzled ... because all the businessindices are up. There is nothing wrong with the economy," hetold reporters.    "I don't think anyone should panic because all the economicindicators are solid," he added.    But for the time being, the decline on Wall Street knockedthe underpinnings from his boasts that the record bull marketdemonstrates the wisdom of current economic policy.    It could also deprive the Republicans of a major argumentfor keeping the White House in their hands when PresidentReagan leaves office in January 1989.    It gives a hollow ring to the words used by Vice PresidentGeorge Bush just a week ago when he formally entered the WhiteHouse race.    "We have weathered the storm. Our economy has recovered tobe the strongest in history," Bush said in reference to therecovery from the 1981-82 recession that pushed unemployment toits highest level since the Great Depression of the 1930s.    "We mark next week the longest peacetime economic expansionin our nation's recorded history," Bush bragged.    At midday, even as Wall Street was being battered by arecord selling panic, Reagan gave a glowing account of theeconomy's performance at a swearing in ceremony for his newCommerce Secretary, William Verity.    Indeed, the Labor Department reported earlier this monththat unemployment among American workers had fallen to aneight-year low of 5.9 pct in September, compared to seven pct ayear ago and a Post World War Two peak of 10.7 pct in December1982.    But with interest rates climbing steadily and noimprovement in the record U.S. trade deficit with the rest ofthe world, a number of economic experts have expressed doubtsabout the staying power of the current expansion.   Warnings of economic danger around the corner have been astaple of Democratic campaign speeches this year.    And Democratic party leaders here for an organizationalmeeting two weeks ago predicted at that time that the economywould be the determining factor in next year's election.    "The 1988 election will be decided, as most peacetimeelections are, on economic issues," said Michigan party chairmanRichard Weiner.    "In Ohio, people are uneasy. They want to know where theeconomy is going," added Ohio Democratic leader James Ruvulo.    American political history is replete with examples ofvoters throwing out incumbent officeholders when the economyturns sour -- most notably in 1932 when Democrat FranklinRoosevelt won a landslide triumph that ended 12 years ofRepublican rule and made the Democrats the nation's majorityparty for more than 40 years.    But political experts said that if Monday's stock declineturns out to be a temporary phenomena it will have no effect onthe 1988 election.    "Times change, conditions change," Schneider said.    Quoting legendary baseball manager Casey Stengel, Schneideradded, "Never make predictions, especially about the future." Reuter
Stock market analysts polled before Tokyo'smarket opened on Tuesday said Wall Street's dramatic fall onMonday was overdone and although Tokyo would fall drasticallyat the opening it might stabilise later.    Factors affecting the Tokyo market are not the same asthose in New York, they said.    "Tokyo's market is completely different from New York," saida senior analyst at Nomura Securities. "We have no computer(program) selling, and much more stable share ownership than inNew York."    "The discount rate in Japan cannot rise," the senior Nomuraanalyst said.    He said the Tokyo Exchange's 225-share index may fall 1,000points on Tuesday, because of basic concern. It dropped 620.18points to 25,746.56 on Monday.    But he said a 1,000 point fall would be nothing compared toNew York. "New York overreacted, the dollar is rising -- thatshould be a positive sign for New York," he said.    The Tokyo Stock Exchange opens from 0900 local time (0000GMT) to 1500 local (0600 GMT).    The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 508 points (or 22.5pct) to 1,738 on Monday, its biggest ever one day decline inboth absolute and percentage terms.    Simon Smithson, a Kleinwort Benson International shareanalyst, said Tokyo's market was likely to free fall in morningtrading but perhaps would stabilise later. He too predicted adrop of perhaps 1,000 points in the index today.    But he said overall economic conditions in the U.S. AndJapan were different. "The problems that pushed down the NewYork market, like the (U.S.) budget deficit, trade deficit andslow economic growth, do not exist in Japan," Smithson said.    However, a stocks fund manager at a major trust bank made amore gloomy prediction. "The situation is different in the twomarkets, but you cannot ignore New York," he said.    "Foreigners will be selling and the index funds will beselling," he said.    A fund manager at another Japanese trust bank said Monday'sNew York fall was completely out of the range of expectations.    "All we can do is wait now and see what happens. There seemto be no factors which would stop the fall. There is no way wecan invest now," he said. REUTER

Chase Manhattan Corp (CMB)president Thomas Labrecque said the sharp decline in the stockmarket was not justified by economic conditions and there was aneed for perspective by investors on fundamental economicconditions.    "If we are right about the fundamentals, this thing shouldsettle down," Labrecque said at a news conference at theAmerican Bankers Associatioon annual convention here.    Labrecque also said the stock market drop could cause U.S.monetary officials to ease credit policies.    Inflation fears are exaggerated and Chase still believesinflation will not rise much beyond five percent this year,Labrecque said.   He said strong economic conditions would permit growth tocontinue well into 1988.    "I don't think the stock market will cause a recession,"Labrecque said.    He said he could not estimate what the impact on Chase fromthe stock market fall would be. Chase's stock price, however,dropped 23 pct, but other money center banks suffered evensharper losses.    Referring to the banking industry, he said: "We're talkingabout one day."    "These are strong institutions," he said. Labrecque said hedid not think the Federal Reserve Board would tighten monetarypolicy in view of the stock market's behavior.    "If there is a bias I expect it would be a little bit theother way," he said. Labrecque said the high U.S. budget deficitwas not the single most important factor behind the market'sworries.    He called for closer cooperation in economic policy by theUnited States, West Germany, Japan and Britain. Reuter
British foreign secretary Sir GeoffreyHowe told his EC colleagues on Monday that Britain wantsagreement by December on a detailed plan to curb EC farmspending if it is to sanction an increase in EC budgetaryresources.    British diplomatic sources quoted Howe as saying that anaccord containing detailed figures and involving immediatepenalties for farmers in the case of overproduction must bereached in advance of an EC heads of government summit meetingin December.    "We require numbers as well as words in all the commodityregimes," Howe was quoted as saying.    The EC Commission proposed last month a plan for "budgetarystabilisers" under which there would be reductions in guaranteedprices, restrictions of sales into intervention or increases incoresponsibility levies if output of individual commoditiesexceeded certain levels.    Britain has so far given the clearest backing to the idea,although several other EC states back it in outline.    Diplomats say Britain can exercise some leverage on theissue because the EC is in a severe budgetary crisis from whichit can only emerge if all 12 member states agree to revise thesystem by which it is financed.    The sources quoted Howe as saying: "An interim or partialsolution covering some elements of the Commission package wouldbe unacceptable to the United Kingdom."    They said he insisted that any penalties imposed on farmersfor exceeding production limits must take effect in the samemarketing year as the overproduction, rather than resulting ina price adjustment the following year.    Howe also said there should be no question of a specialfund which could top up EC farm coffers in the event of anunexpected development such as a major fall in the value of thedollar.    The Commission has suggested such a fund to deal withemergency situations.    French EC affairs minister Bernard Bosson told journaliststhat his country could not accept the idea that there should beno emergency reserve.    "The British position has become tougher," he said.    Howe was speaking at a meeting of EC foreign ministers,which discussed the future of EC finances, and which took placesimultaneously with a farm ministers' meeting to consider theCommission's farm spending proposals.    Before his meeting got under way, British agricultureminister John MacGregor said he backed the Commission proposalto set the 1988 cereals production ceiling at 155 mln tonnes. Reuter
Trade Representative Clayton Yeuttersaid on Monday that the U.S. free trade agreements with Canadaand Israel should help to pave the way for liberalizing theglobal trading system.    He said the Canadian and Israeli pacts will not set backworldwide reform efforts under the General Agreement on Tariffsand Trade (GATT) as some critics feared but help them.    The GATT talks began a year ago in Punta del Este, Uruguayto liberalize the global trading system and to include in ittrade in agriculture and services such as banking.    Yeutter made his remarks at a U.S.-Israeli trade meetingmarking the second year of their bilateral accord. TheCanadian-U.S. pact, signed by two sides two weeks ago, has yetbeen approved by the U.S. Congress and Canadian Parliament.    The two free trade agreements (FTA) would gradually removetariffs and other barriers to cross-border trade in goods andmany services.    Yeutter said in the aftermath of the Canadian and Israelipacts "other countries have realized that if they want tocontinue to have access to the world's largest market, they hadbetter get serious about improving the GATT."    The pact with Israel, he said, is gradually increasingshipments both ways and the Canadian pact will substantiallyincrease the gross national products in both countries.    Yeutter also said the Canadian and Israeli pacts shouldserve as important precedents for progress in GATT.    Yeutter said, "increasing trade is one of the keys toenhanced political and economic stability around the globe."    He said, "a stronger GATT will enhance prosperity, not onlyfor advanced industrial nations, but also for other countriesthat need to increase trade in order to better their standardsof living."    Yeutter added it was important not to risk the progressmade in the Israeli and Canadian trade pacts by resorting toprotectionism.    He was referring to trade legislation pending in Congressthat would force the United States to take retaliatory actionsagainst nations with large trade surpluses with the UnitedStates if the countries practiced unfair trade.    The legislation was prompted by a growing U.S. tradedeficit that hit 156 billion dlrs last year and is stillrising.    Yeutter said the pressures for Congress to act were hard toresist, but the pending legislation would undermine PresidentReagan's efforts to liberalize the world trade.    Yeutter renewed the threat of a White House veto.    He said, "President Reagan will veto any bill that containsserious flaws, and I believe that veto would be sustained." Reuter
EC agriculture ministers attackedplans to penalise farmers immediately it becomes clear thatcereals output is above standard norms, EC sources said.    They said this was the major criticism raised at a meetingof ministers which discussed Commission proposals for curbingspending on the cereals regime.    The Commission wants powers to cut guaranteed prices orraise the coresponsibility levy if output next harvest risesabove 155 mln tonnes.    The sources said several ministers complained that changingprice levels in the middle of a season would severely damagethe financial security of farmers.    But an EC Commission spokesman said farm commissioner FransAndriessen told them producers could not be guaranteed securityregardless of market circumstances.    The sources said there was a general acceptance of the needfor some output ceilings. However, the French and Dutchministers called for a maximum output for a wider range ofcereal crops, rather than for cereals alone.    The sources added West Germany wanted production ceilingsfor individual countries with excess production being paid forfrom national exchequers, but received no support for thisidea.    British farm minister John MacGregor told reporters hedetected more support for his position against the penalties onfarmers being administered through higher coresponsibilitylevies.    He said he believes increasing the levies would do nothingto increase EC cereals consumption whereas lower prices forfarmers could help in this direction. Reuter
Wall Street's biggest one-day drop since1914 has revived a bitter debate about whether moderninvestment techniques turn shifts in investor psychology intocolossal moves in share prices.    "The market has gotten away from the players," said DudleyEppel, vice president-equity trading at Donaldson Lufkin andJenrette Securities Corp. He says stock index futures andoptions have distorted the investment process.    But Wall Street professionals who work with index futuresand options insist the blame is misplaced.    Fischer Black, head of the trading and arbitrage divisionat Goldman, Sachs and Co, says so-called program tradingstrategies involving opposite positions in futures on stockindices and the underlying stocks deserve almost no blame fortoday's decline. "People have changed their minds about thefuture of the economy," he said. Another strategy, known asportfolio insurance, may have exagerated the decline to a smalldegree, said Black.    Eli Wachtel of Bear, Stearns and Co was emphatic. "I do notbelieve the drop was precipitated by portfolio insurance orexpanded by program trading."    "The only thing that will stop it in the end is the valueinvestor who comes in and says 'IBM still sells computers', andbuys for traditional reasons" said Jeffrey Miller of MillerTabak Hirsch and Co.    IBM &lt;IBM> fell 31 to 104 as the Dow Jones IndustrialAverage dropped more than 500 points.    Several years ago Miller's firm was one of the first topursue program trading strategies, seeking to lock in anautomatic profit by taking advantage of discrepancies in theprices of the futures and the underlying stocks. But he saidhis firm has not been involved in that since late last year.    Miller said some investors who were burned in the recentmarket declines may have miscalculated the effects of portfolioinsurance. He estimated 70 to 80 billion dlrs in invested fundsprior to the decline were hedged with futures.    The way portfolio insurance is used, Miller said, investorsat the time they protect their portfolios commit themselves toa future course of action such as buying a put option. Whilenegative news such as trade deficits and budget deficits buildfor months, the put options tend to be crowded into a narrowspan of time, because they are executed as the market starts tofall.    Miller said at present people can only guess how muchportfolio insurance is in use. He suggested some system ofdisclosure could put other investors on guard that the seedswere being planted that might add to a future decline.    But in any case Miller argued that index futures andoptions do not initiate market trends.    People like Eppel of Donaldson, Lufkin and Jenrette weresteadfast in their criticism. "If I had my way there wouldn'tbe any index futures," he said. "They propelled the market upwhen nothing was going on and now we're paying the price."    Another irate trader, referring to IBM's 31 point drop,complained "what announcement did IBM make over the weekendthat made its stock drop 31 points?" IBM was as high as 175-7/8earlier this year.    Some economists agreed that the stock market could besending signals about the economy.  Allen Sinai, chiefeconomist for Shearson Lehman Brothers, told Reuters the 508point decline represented "a crisis of confidence.    "This is a a bona-fide financial crisis. The market isshowing panic. I suspect there is a wholesale deserting of ourmarkets by a lot of foreign investors."    Sinai said the crisis was caused by continuing U.S. budgetand trade deficits and by rising interest rates. "This is not asignal of the start of a recession, but a strong indicator thatone is coming if nothing is done in Washington to deal with thebudget and trade deficits," Sinai said.    Some market participants said redemptions by investors whoown mutual funds fueled the decline. But Steve Norwitz, aspokesman for T. Rowe Price Associates, a Baltimore-basedinvestment management firm, said redemptions and switches intomoney market funds by Price's one mln accounts amounted to lessthan two pct of assets. "It's not a rout by any means."       Norwitz said the company normally receives about 3,500telephone inquiries from its customers each day. On Friday, hesaid, when the Dow index fell 108 points the volme of callsrose to around 7,000 and today it exceeded that although he didnot have a precise number.    Ike Kerridge, an economist with the oilfield service firmBaker Hughes Inc., was one of several analysts who said theevaporation of billions of dollars of paper profits could alterconsumer behavior.    "This could be the trigger for a national recession whichwould be very unusual in an election year," Kerridge said. Reuter
News of a meeting between U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker and West German Finance Minister GerhardStoltenberg on Monday soothed currency markets, allowing thedollar to recoup much of the day's losses, dealers said.    News of the meeting, which took place in Frankfurt in greatsecrecy, came after the dollar fell sharply on criticism byBaker of West German monetary policy, which had provoked fearsthat the Louvre pact on currency stability was in jeopardy.    The dollar reacted immediately to the news, rising over twopfennigs in after hours New York trading, dealers there said.    The announcement of the meeting, also attended byBundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl, was made simultaneouslyin Bonn and Washington, timed for after the closure of New Yorkmarkets.    Baker, Stoltenberg and Poehl agreed to pursue the policiesaccepted under the February Louvre accord, a finance ministryspokesman in Bonn said.    The dollar rose to 1.7970/90 marks from New York's close of1.7730/40. It had closed there on Friday at 1.7975/85 marks.    The dollar had tumbled nearly three pfennigs as the marketreacted to Baker's criticism of rising West German interestrates, and stock markets crashed worldwide. Baker had said thatWest Germany was apparently breaching the Louvre accord.    Under the accord, leading industrial democracies pledged tocoordinate economic policies to foster currency stability, withthe surplus countries, West Germany and Japan, stimulatingtheir economies and the U.S. promising to cut its budgetdeficit.    West German government sources said rising West Germanmoney market rates could not be seen as a breach of the Louvrepact. They were rather a direct reaction to higher interestrates in the United States. U.S. Bond yields have been risingsince May on inflationary fears and in early September the Fedraised the discount rate to 6.00 pct from 5.50.    German yields have also risen over this period, but lessmarkedly, and since late September the Bundesbank has nudged upshort-term rates by changing the terms on its securityrepurchase pacts, its principal instrument for steering themoney market.    The allocation rate on the last facility was 3.85 pct,compared with 3.60 pct. This was partly due to West Germany'sinability to uncouple itself from U.S. interest rate trends,but also reflected concern among monetary conservatives in theBundesbank central bank council about excessive monetarygrowth, which raised fears of domestically produced inflation,bank economists said.    This monetary tightening reflected a switch from thepragmatic line pursued by Bundesbank President Karl Otto Poehlsince early this year to stabilise the mark externally, to themore cautious approach of Vice President Helmut Schlesinger.    In an apparent gesture to Baker, coinciding with his visit,the Bundesbank repeatedly added money market liquidity thismorning. Dealers said this was clearly a move to appease U.S.anger over the most recent West German interest rate rises.    "They (the Bundesbank) just don't want to come too muchunder American fire," said Chris Zwermann, currency adviser atSwiss Bank Corp here.    "It seems to me that this is the Bundesbank beating quite asignificant retreat from its position," added Giles Keating,economist at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd in London.    The significance that retreat will emerge from the terms ofthe Bundesbank's next tender for a securities repurchase pacton Tuesday, and its result on Wednesday, money marketeconomists said.    Today's injection of liquidity shows that the Bundesbankdoes not want a further strong rise in the tender allocationrate, which is likely to turn out at between 3.80 and 3.90 pct,little changed from the 3.85 pct on the last facility.    The Bundesbank and Finance Ministry had given no indicationthat the meeting would take place, although the FinanceMinistry spokesman said it had been arranged last week.    Earlier on Monday the Finance Ministry spokesman, asked tocomment on the apparent U.S.-German clash over the Louvreaccord, went no further than quoting Stoltenberg as saying heassumed monetary cooperation would continue.    The spokesman said he believed Baker had already left WestGermany for Sweden on Monday. This week he is also due to visitDenmark and Belgium. Reuter
Dwindling global crude oil reserves andthe lack of any major new discoveries in recent years will sendthe world into an energy crisis by 1990, the former AtlanticRichfield Co chairman Robert O. Anderson said.    "It's going to come sooner than anyone thinks," Andersontold reporters after addressing a Houston business lunch. "Ibelieve we're going to see a change in the world oil markets intwo to three years because oil is becoming harder to find."    Anderson, who retired from Arco last year to form Hondo Oiland Gas Co, said world oil consumption is approaching 60 mlnbarrels a day but a current excess capacity cushion of about4.5 mln barrels a day will rapidly disappear.    "If you looked around the world, you could not scrape upone mln barrels a day in shut-in production outside the MiddleEast," he said. "We're soon going to be right back where wewere in 1973 and 1979."    Anderson predicted that world oil prices would end 1987 atabout 24 dlrs a barrel and continue a gradual climb.    "There's no way prices can stay flat because there isn'tenough supply," he said. "There have been no major oildiscoveries for the past 15 to 20 years."    Alaska's Prudhoe Bay oil reserves, the last major worlddiscovery, has already produced about five billion barrels ofoil or more than half of its estimated reserves, he said. Reuter
Economist Ravi Batra, whose book warningof a crash on Wall Street has been a best seller all summer,said Monday's record-breaking market drop was no reason topanic.    "I think (investors) should stay in the market. Don'tpanic. The time to panic is two years from now," Batra, aprofessor at Southern Methodist University, told Reuters bytelephone from Pittsburgh, where he was to deliver a lecture atRockwell International Corp.    Batra's book, "The Great Depression of 1990," predicts thatthe increasing concentration of U.S. wealth will lead to adepression.     He said Monday's 508-point drop was set off by last week'snews of the trade deficit "and other things that added to thetotal jitters."     However, he called the fall a "mini-crash," due in part toa change in people's attitude to the market. "In the 1920s,people thought the market would never come down," he said, "Buttoday, people think it will come down at some point, andtherefore when it does, everyone wants to get out."     "It turns a mini-crash into a maxi-crash," he said, butadded that he did not see it falling any further.     He said he expects the government to announce by the endof the week an agreement with Japan and West Germany to bringinterest rates down.     "Once (interest rates) come down, the market will calmdown," he said, adding the government had other options, suchas acting on program trading, that it might be able to use tostabilize the market.     "But in two year's time, the government will run out ofoptions," he added. Reuter
Brazil will only lift the partialmoratorium on its 113-billion-dlr foreign debt after an accordis reached with the private banks, the Finance Ministry said ina statement.    The statement said such agreement, currently beingnegotiated, must place the debt "within the terms proposed byBrazil on September 25."    Brazil proposed to the private creditors a refinancing ofthe interest on its foreign debt that have expired or willexpire up to 1989, totalling an overall 10.4 billion dlrs.    Brazil also proposed the end of spreads and conversion intobonds of part of the 70-billion dlrs owed to private banks.    Brazil in February stopped interest payments on about 68billion dlrs owed to private banks, and the Ministry statementissued on Monday said this would only be lifted "when an accordis reached."    The statement said that a token payment, which banks wantfrom the Brazil as a condition to discuss an agreement, "willonly be made when there is a major progress in thenegotiations."    Meanwhile, a World Bank mission arrived on Monday toanalyse the performance of the Brazilian economy after the newplan launched in July by Finance Minister Luiz Carlos BresserPereira. Reuter
The discovery of a fertilefemale Mediterranean fruit fly in a backyard apple tree maylead to aerial spraying in Orange County, California StateDepartment of Agriculture officials said.    California Department of Agriculture spokeswoman Gera Currysaid more than 1,700 traps have been set in an 80-square milearea around the Westminster neighborhood following thediscovery. The fly was found in a trap routinely checked byagriculture officials.    Curry said if aerial spraying is used, it would be one-timespray, unlike the nightly sprayings used in 1980. Reuter
Active Japanese investment in U.S. realestate will continue despite a weak dollar because suchinvestments are strong hedges against inflation, financiers andreal estate industry experts said.    Addressing a conference on Japanese investment in U.S. realestate, Setsuya Tabuchi, chairman of Nomura Securities Co Ltd,said Japanese investors are extremely cautious about investingin Treasury securities because of currency losses suffered inthe past during the dollar's sharp decline.    But, he added, "Real estate is a hedge against inflation,so such investment will not decline."    Japanese total investment in U.S. real estate last year isestimated at around six billion dlrs, exceeding the fourbillion dlrs ploughed into U.S. equities, Arther Mitchell ofCoudert Brothers, a U.S. law firm, told the conference.    Adding in financing of real estate projects by Japanesebanks and leasing companies, the total aamount of Japanesefunds committed to U.S. real estate projects could reach 20billion dlrs in 1987, he said.   The dollar's fall has made U.S. property cheap, and exchangerisks are low because many Japanese firms are makinginvestments projected on a dollar/yen rate of 120-130, he said.    Panelists at the conference said Japanese are now lookingat a wider variety of real estate investments, includingdevelopment projects and suburban buildings.    Benjamin Lambert, chairman of Eastdil Realty Inc, said thesale of 50 pct of the company to Nomura last year was designedto expand its customer base to Japan through the securitieshouse's close ties with Japanese investors.    Participation in mortgage loans is becoming popular amongJapanese, panelists said. Mortgages can be made to disguiseactive purchases, and years later the loans can be convertedinto ownership of the property, they said. Reuter
Shr 46 cts vs 50 cts    Net 10.9 mln vs 12.0 mln    Revs 105.2 mln vs 100.0 mln    Note: Canadian Marconi Co qtly figures unavailable. Reuter
Cheyenne Software Inc said itintends to distribute to its shareholders rights to buy commonshares of its F.A. Computer Technologies Inc subsidiary on thebasis of one sahre of F.A. stock for every two shares ofCheyenne stock owned. Reuter
Gabelli Equity Trust Inc said itintends to repurchase up to one mln shares of its common in theopen market or in privately negotiated transactions as itsshares are trading at a discount of more than 10 pct from netasset value.    There are currently 44.0 mln shares outstanding.    Gabelli's board had previously granted authority for thestock repurchase. Reuter
CityFed Financial Corp said itwill from time to time make open market purchases of its commonstock for an amount not to exceed one mln dlrs.    The shares will be held by the company as treasury stock.    CityFed also said that its City Federal Savings Bank unitwill be acquiring additional shares for the units employeestock ownership trust. The additional purchase by the employeestock trust will be funded by a loan up to five mln dlrs.    At the current stock price of 5.50 dlr to 6.50 dlrs,CityFed and the trust will be able to purchase about 950,000additional shares, or about five pct of shares outstanding. Reuter
Venezuela will back Ecuador's bid toraise its OPEC quota above 221,000 barrels per day (bpd)because it is a justifiable demand, Venezuelan Energy MinisterArturo Hernandez Grisanti said on Monday.    He told reporters the country deserved a higher quota incompensation for the five months it was forced to suspend oilproduction when its main pipeline was destroyed by anearthquake last March.    "For this five-month period, Ecuador did not exercise itsright to produce 221,000 bpd," he said. "We should recognizeEcuador's right to increase its quota ... There is a basis ofjustice in that country's petition."    He added however, the quota increase should be gradual toavoid harming the market, he added.    Hernandez Grisanti said he understood Ecuador wouldformally submit the request for a higher quota at the nextministerial conference of the Organization of PetroleumExporting Countries (OPEC) opening December 9 in Vienna. Reuter
Shr profit 1.07 dlrs vs loss 1.19 dlrs    Net profit 3,326,000 vs loss 3,446,000    Nine mths    Net profit 9,714,000 vs profit 3,665,000    NOTE: Latest and prior nine month per share amounts notgiven. Reuter

The United States invoked the rightof self-defense in destroying an Iranian oil platform in theGulf, the American delegation told the United Nations.    Lieutenant General Vernon Walters sent letters about theincident to Security Council President Maurizio Bucci, thedelegate of Italy, and Secretary General Javier Perez deCuellar.    U.N. press secretary Francois Giuliani said the SecretaryGeneral had no comment on the attack, which followed his appeallast Friday for restraint in the crisis while he pursuedefforts to obtain a ceasefire between Iran and Iraq.    In his explanation, Walters said the United States tookdefensive action in response to an Iranian attack againstAmerican ships in the Gulf.    He cited an Iranian Silkworm missile strike last Friday inKuwait waters against the United States-flag ship Sea IsleCity.    Walters said that military forces on the destroyed Iranianplatform had engaged in a variety of actions against UnitedStates-flag and other nonbelligerent vessels and planes.    "In accordance with Article 51 of the United Nations(Charter), I wish, on behalf of my government, to report thatUnited States forces have exercised the inherent right ofself-defense under internation law by taking defensive actionin response to attacks by . . . Iran against United Statesvessels in the Gulf," Walters said.    Members of the Security Council met behind closed doors onMonday to discuss developments in the Gulf war, but nostatement was issued afterwards. Reuter
France voiced its comprehension for a U.S.Attack on an Iranian target while calling for a swift halt tothe Gulf War to avoid further escalation.    "The French authorities reaffirm their attachment to thefreedom and security of navigation and to the right of allstates to take action under international law and the UnitedNations charter to halt attacks such as that of October 16," theForeign Ministry spokesman said in a statement.    The United States said its forces destroyed an Iranian oilplatform in the Gulf and struck at a second on Monday inretaliation for a recent Iranian missile attack on aU.S.-flagged Kuwaiti ship.    Washington said the platforms were used to monitor shippingand to launch small-boat attacks on shipping. The Frenchstatement described the target as "an Iranian military platform."    But the French statement added that "everything must be donenow to avoid that these military developments lead to a newescalation of the conflict." Reuter
Shr loss 1.73 dlrs vs nil    Net loss 16.3 mln vs profit 2,206,000    Sales 69.1 mln vs 29.1 mln    Note: per share is after payment of preferred dividends. Reuter
Granges Exploration Ltd filed with theSecurities and Exchange Commission for a proposed offering ofup to 2,500,000 shares of common stock.    PaineWebber Inc and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc will act asunderwriters for the proposed offering, Granges said.    Proceeds from the offering will be used to acquire sharesof its Hycroft Resources and Development Corp subsidiary, andas working capital to fund exploration, development andacquisitions of additional mining properties. Reuter
Shr 22 cts vs 20 cts    Net 4,033,000 vs 3,398,000    Sales 125.3 mln vs 99.1 mln    Avg shrs 18.4 mln vs 17.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr 89 cts vs 78 cts    Net 15.9 mln vs 13.6 mln    Sales 413.7 mln vs 345.0 mln    Avg shrs 17.8 mln vs 17.5 mln       NOTE:1987 3rd qtr per share reflects issuance of two mlnshares in initial public offering. 1986 nine mth resultsinclude extraordinary gain of 3,843,000 dlrs or 22 cts Reuter
Cardiac Control Systems Inc saidit entered into a marketing agreement with a Japanese firm todistribute Cardiac's pacemakers in Japan.    Cardiac said the agreement requires the Japanese firm topurchase certain minimum quantities of pacemakers annually overthe next three years, with the aggregate value of purchases ofabout 12 mln dlrs.    Cardiac said it received an initial order from the Japanesecompany, which is did not name, for about 2.2 mln dlrs andexpects to begin shipments during its fourth quarter to endMarch 31, 1988. Reuter
Fifth Third Bancorp and &lt;C and HBancorp> said they reached a preliminary agreement to merge.    C and H Bancorp has assets of 257 mln dlrs and is the parentcompany of Citizens Heritage Bank N.A.    The companies said the agreement calls for each of theabout one mln shares of C and H Bancorp to be exchanged for oneshare of Fifth Third Bancorp. Based on its financialexpectations, Fifth Third said the dilution in per shareearnings for the merger will be negligible. Reuter
Shr 25 cts vs NA    Net 3,081,000 vs 2,063,000    Nine mths    Shr 86 cts vs NA    Net 10.5 mln vs 6,966,000    NOTE: Year-ago per share amounts not available as bankconverted to stock ownership August 13, 1986.    1987 amounts include operations of Burgdoff Realtorsacquired during December 1986 and other operations. Reuter
National Processing Co INc saidit signed a contract with Chrylser Corp's Chrysler FinancialCorp unit to process its loan payment trasactions beginningFebruary 1988.    Terms weren't disclosed.    National said that more than four mln transactions areexpected to be processed for Chrysler each year under thecontract. Reuter
American lawmakers rallied behindPresident Reagan for the U.S. strike against Iranian targets inthe Gulf but the attack fueled a sharp new White House-Congressdebate over limits on his powers to make war.    The Pentagon announced on Monday that U.S. warshipsdestroyed a non-producing oil platform used for monitoring Gulfship traffic and military operations, and also raided a secondIranian oil rig in retaliation for an earlier Iranian attack ona Kuwaiti ship flying the American flag.    Many Democrats, who control Congress, and Republicansexpressed support for the attack and praised it as anappropriate "measured response."    But Democrats and liberal Republicans voiced new fears thatthe growing confrontation between Tehran and the United Statescould erupt into a major war, and demanded that Reagan complywith the 1973 War Powers Act, which could lead to a pullout ofAmerican forces from the waterway.    "Those who contend the strike was necessary must realizetheir words are easily construed as a tacit endorsement of warwith Iran," said Sen Mark Hatfield of Oregon, a Republican. Reuter
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Abdullahbin Abdul Aziz met for an hour with Vice President George Bushon Monday after U.S. naval forces destroyed one Iranian oilplatform in the Gulf and raided another.    Asked at the start of the meeting how he felt about theattack, the Crown Prince, who is here on an official visit,replied, "I believe what the United States has done is theirresponsibility as a superpower."    His remark appeared to be an implicit endorsement of theU.S. action, which the Pentagon said came in retaliation forlast Friday's Iranian missile attack on a U.S.-flagged Kuwaititanker.    Administration officials said Bush had assured the CrownPrince the United States would "stay the course" in the Gulf.    They said Prince Abdullah, who is deputy prime minister ofSaudi Arabia and commander of the kingdom's national guard, was"very supportive" of the U.S. role in the strategic waterway.    Before meeting with Bush, the Crown Prince paid a briefcourtesy call on President Reagan.    During his stay in Washington, he was also scheduled tomeet with Deputy Secretary of State John Whitehead, DefenseSecretary Caspar Weinberger and leaders of the House and Senateforeign policy committees. Reuter
The U.S. Food and Drug Administrationhas allowed ICN Pharmaceuticals Inc to resume testing itsribavirin experimental AIDS drug, according to ICN.    "Our safety concerns are not of sufficient magnitude towithhold approval of further clinical studies designed toassess the safety and efficacy of ribavirin," the FDA told ICNChairman Milan Panic in an October 16 letter made public byICN.    An FDA spokesman confirmed the authenticity of the letter.    ICN's tests of the drug on humans were blocked last springafter the FDA decided there was insufficient evidence of itseffectiveness against two common AIDS-related conditions.    The tests had been intended to determine whether ribavirinwas effective against AIDS-Related Complex (ARC) andLymphadenopathy Syndrome or LAS.    FDA Commissioner Frank Young disclosed in May, however,that the agency was investigating "suspicious" test resultssubmitted by ICN on the antiviral drug. Young said he hadpersonally scolded ICN officials for making exaggerated claimsabout the drug. In addition, a House subcommittee said it wasprobing ICN for possible trading or financial irregularities.    Today, the FDA said it was letting ICN test ribavirin forsafety and effectiveness in 32 patients with ARC and LAS. Reuter
U.K. Chancellor of the Exchequer NigelLawson welcomed on Monday the reaffirmation by the U.S. AndWest Germany of the Louvre accord aimed at stabilisingcurrencies.    His office said Lawson had welcomed the outcome of ameeting between U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker, BundesbankPresident Karl Otto Poehl, and West German Finance MinisterGerhard Stoltenberg in Frankfurt.    After the meeting, a Bonn finance ministry spokesman quotedStoltenberg as saying he was confident that foreign currenciescould be stabilised at around current levels.    The meeting came after Baker criticised West Germany forincreasing key interest rates, saying they were not in linewith last February's Louvre accord. Reuter
Shr 28 cts vs 46 cts    Net 1,634,000 vs 2,007,000    Avg shrs 5,850,000 vs 4,400,000    Nine Mths    Shr 82 cts vs 1.77 dlrs    Net 4,788,000 vs 7,792,000    Avg shrs 5,850,000 vs 4,400,000    Loans 586.9 mln vs 481.5 mln    Deposits 697.4 mln vs 606.2 mln    Assets 797.2 mln vs 683.4 mln    Note: Full name Sun State Savings and Loan Association. Reuter
California Water Service Co saidits shareholders approved a two-for-one stock split at aspecial meeting on Monday.    The company said the new shares will be mailed on or aboutOctober 30 to holders of record October 20.    Separately, the company said it declared a 37-3/8 cts pershare common stock dividend, which will be paid on the newshares.    The dividend is payable November 14 to holders of recordNovember two, the company said. Last quarter California Waterpaid a dividend of 73-3/4 cts per share.  Reuter
Shr 2.10 dlrs vs 1.83 dlrs    Net 5,919,000 vs 5,168,000    Revs 35.0 mln vs 34.3 mln    Nine Mths    Shr 5.09 dlrs vs 3.55 dlrs    Net 14,391,000 vs 10,099,000    Revs 88 mln vs 83.7 mln    Note: Curent nine mth figures include 2.2 mln dlr, or 79cts per share, gain resulting from change in accounting methodfor unbilled revenues. Reuter
The Pacific Stock Exchange closedhalf an hour early under a pile of unfilled orders on heavy,but not record, volume of over 11 mln shares, Exchangeofficials said.    As traders remained on the floors in San Francisco and LosAngeles, madly trying to balance their accounts long after theclose, Exchange Chairman Maurice Menn told a news conferencetrading will, nevertheless, begin on time tomorrow,at 0630 Pacific Daylight Time.    Menn told reporters the price of a seat on the exchangedropped to 86,000 dlrs today from 100,100 dlrs a week ago.    Menn said the day also saw 134,000 options contractstraded, compared to a record 202,000 contracts last friday.    Traders both in Los Angeles and San Francisco said volumewas curbed purely by their inability to fill orders and thechaos created by the exchange tape falling hours behind, makingit nearly impossible to get accurate price readings.    "If we would have been able to execute the orders we got,there would have been 20 mln shares traded," said RichardGoforth, a partner with Crowell Weedon and Co, who trades onthe Los Angles floor of the Pacific Exchange.    Traders in San Francisco said there were unconfirmedreports that one brokerage house alone turned away orders for50,000 shares they were unable to fill in late trading.    The traders and exchange officials said action on thePacific Exchange did not deviate from that in New York, withsome early buying giving way to panic selling through theclose, which left the Dow Jones Industrial Average down arecord 508 points.    "We pretty much mirrored what was going on in New York...they couldn't fill their orders and we knew we couldn't fillthem either," said Goforth.    While traders said they are bracing themselves for a loweropening tomorrow, Mann attributed today's dive to panickingyoung traders and to monetary policy and said the market shouldstill recover.    "It depends on what the politicians do...There's no reasonit cannot go back. This is an abnormality and there is nojustification for this. People are nervous," he said.    Mann noted he had never seen traders in San Francisco leaveon the floor so long after the close.    In Los Angeles, one office manager commented early in theday it was unusual to see traders on their feet.    "Usually, they're sitting down studying the market, but itsmoving so fast they don't have a chance," he said.    In San Francisco, about 50 people on the sidewalk outsidethe jammed lobby of Charles Schwab and Co, strained to see thediscount brokerage house's large ticker display.    "I can't believe it," mumbled one onlooker. Reuter
The Great Atlantic and Pacific TeaCo Inc said it withdrew its offer to acquire Delchamps Inc&lt;DLCH.O> for 27 dlrs a share or about 175 mln dlrs, which wasmade earlier this month.    Michael Rourke, A and P vice president, said the companywithdrew the offer because Delchamps did not respond favorablyto it and because of market conditions.    He would not comment on whether A and P would make anotheroffer to acquire Delchamps. Reuter
The massive stock market correction onWall Street will force a decline in Japanese share prices but adecline of similar proportions will not occur due to economicfactors, said Setsuya Tabuchi, chairman of the board of NomuraSecurities Co Ltd.    "There are less inflation worries in Japan and lesspossibility of interest rate rises," Tabuchi told reporters.    He also said Japan had a higher savings rate which providedmore funds for investment than was the case in other countries.    "If interest rates rise worldwide, Japan may raise thediscount rate, but the possibility of a Japanese rate increaseis smaller than in the U.S., Britain and West Germany," Tabuchisaid.    However, he noted that the Nikkei Dow stock index of theTokyo stock exchange and the Dow Jones Industrial average havemoved in tandem in the past four years.    The Dow fell 508 points to 1738 on Monday, its largestpercentage decline since the First World War.    The Tokyo index fell 620.18 to 25,746.56 on Monday, thesixth largest decline on record. Reuter
Shr 38 cts vs 52 cts    Net 3,980,000 vs 5,524,000    Revs 37.4 mln vs 44.8 mln    Nine mths    Shr 76 cts vs 99 cts    Net 7,983,000 vs 10.5 mln    Revs 100.4 mln vs 123.6 mln    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes loss 9,000 dlrs and432,000 dlrs, or four cts per share, from repurchase andretirment of debt. Reuter

Italian Prime Minister Giovanni Goria toldthe cabinet on Monday he was worried about the increasedtension in the Gulf, but said America's retaliation againstIran had been limited.    A statement issued after a cabinet meeting said Goria hadbeen informed by the United States that it would take actionagainst an Iranian target in the Gulf, but had not knownbeforehand that the action would involve an attack on an oilplatform.    "The prime minister expressed his concern over the possibleconsequences of increased tension in the Gulf, at the same timerecognizing the limited character of the American militaryreaction to the attacks it has suffered in the past few days,"the statement said.    Goria said Italy's own ships were far from the platform atthe time of the attack and the fleet had been advised to followevents with caution.    Italy has sent eight ships, including three frigates andthree minesweepers, to the Gulf to protect Italian merchantshipping there. Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said it raisedshort-term ratings to A-1-plus from A-1 of Kyowa Bank Ltd.    S and P cited a steady progress in all major areas ofoperation over the past few years. The upward trend inprofitability partly reflects decreased operating expenses asinterest margins have been historically strong, S and P added.    It said Kyowa's capital ratios compare favorably withdomestic and international banking peers when some credit isgiven for a substantial level of hidden reserves. Managementappears capable of taking necessary steps to cope withfinancial deregulation of the domestic market, S and P added. Reuter
Shr 59 cts vs 27 cts    Net 6,398,000 vs 2,979,000    Revs 91.0 mln vs 94.1 mln    Avg shrs 10.8 mln vs 11.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.58 dlrs vs 1.06 dlrs    Net 17.2 mln vs 12.2 mln    Revs 279.7 mln vs 289.1 mln    Avg shrs 10.9 mln vs 11.4 mln Reuter
Media General Inc's chairman, D.Tennant Bryant, said his family would not sell its controllingshare block, so it would be impossible for an investor groupled by &lt;Giant Group Ltd> to gain control of the company.    The investor group, which includes Barris Industries&lt;BRRS.O>, recently reported that it acquired a 9.8 pct stake ofMedia General's class A shares and might seek control.    Bryant said the company's class A stock elects only 30 pctof the board, with the remaining 70 pct being elected by classB shares, two-thirds of which are controlled by the Bryantfamily trust, which has no intention of selling its shares. Reuter
AMCA International said it expects toearn a profit in the fourth quarter which will exceed the thirdquarter result.    The company earned 4.9 mln dlrs in the third quarteragainst a year earlier loss of 56.2 mln. However, after thepayment of preferred dividends it lost two cents per share froma loss of 1.79 dlrs per share last year.    In the 1986 fourth quarter, the company had an operatingloss of 4.9 mln dlrs, or 98 cents per share. It said itspositive outlook was based on expected debt bill reduction andan improved backlog of orders.    The company also said its board approved a decision to sellits Manitoba Rolling Mills. It did not elaborate. Reuter
U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker met WestGerman Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg and BundesbankPresident Karl Otto Poehl in Frankfurt on Monday, a BonnFinance Ministry spokesman said.    After the meeting the spokesman quoted Stoltenberg assaying he was confident that foreign currencies could bestabilised at around current levels.    The meeting came after Baker criticised West Germany forincreasing short-term money market interest rates. He had saidthe rise was not in line with the spirit of the Louvre accordaimed at stabilizing the U.S. dollar last February.    The meeting had been arranged last week, the spokesmansaid. Baker, Stoltenberg and Poehl had agreed to pursue thepolicies agreed under the Louvre pact with reference tocurrency stability and monetary policy.    Earlier on Monday the Bundesbnak injected liquidity intothe West German money market in a move which money marketdealers interpreted as an attempt by the West German monetaryauthority to curb interest rate rises.    The spokesman described Monday's talks, which he calledprivate, as very positive. Reuter
U.S. bank executives said if theprecipitous fall in the stock market continued it could forcebanks to demand more collateral on stock loans and hurtconsumer borrowing.    But the leaders of the American Bankers Association, whichis holding its annual convention, said the drop was probablyonly temporary and the market would eventually recover becauseof the strength of the economy.    "The underlying basics of the economy are still strong,"Mark Olson, president of the ABA, the largest U.S. bankersgroup, said. Reuter
Iranian foreign minister ali akbarvelayati, here on a two-day official visit, informed cubanforeign ministry officials on monday on the tense situation inthe gulf, diplomatic sources said.    They said the envoy's trip, to be followed from tuesday bya visit to nicaragua, could be linked to a possible mediationof the non-aligned movement in the seven-year-old iran-iraq warbut they ruled out any prominent cuban role in it.    Velayati could not be reached for comment on the U.S.Attack on an abandoned iranian oil rig on monday which tehranvowed to avenge. Reuter
Shr loss nine cts vs loss 1.03 dlrs    Net profit 100,000 vs loss 11.6 mln    Revs 125.2 mln vs 71.8 mln    Nine mths    Shr loss 2.46 dlrs vs loss 98 cts    Net loss 26.9 mln vs loss 8.5 mln    Revs 355.4 mln vs 215.6 mln    NOTE: 1987 qtr includes loss 5.9 mln dlrs non-recurringafter-tax charges due almost entirely to the company's recentbuyout of its Tilden Mine debt obligations.      1987 nine mths includes loss 23.7 mln dlrs pre-tax chargeto reduce the carrying value of the company's 17 land drillingrigs.    1987 nine mths includes pre-tax gain 1.2 mln dlrs on saleof uranium reserves.    1986 nine mths includes pre-tax gain 20.6 mln dlrs on saleof iron ore interest in western Australia. Reuter
A proposal to require importedtropical oils to be labeled as saturated fats suffered a narrowand possibly debilitating defeat in the U.S. Senate.    The Senate Agriculture Committee rejected the proposal by a10-8 vote, virtually snuffing out U.S. soybean producers' hopesthe plan would be adopted this year.    A similar proposal has made no headway in the House.    Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) offered the proposal as anamendment to a farm spending reduction package.    "I don't see this as a trade issue. I see it as givingAmerican consumers the information they need," he said.    Proponents of the measure, including the American SoybeanAssociation, have claimed palm, palm kernel and coconut oilsare high in saturated fat and can contribute to heart disease.    The U.S. soybean industry believes labels indicatingtropical oils are high in saturated fats would discourageconsumption of the oils, imported primarily from Malaysia,Indonesia and the Philippines.    But Sen. Richard Lugar (R-Ind.) read a letter from U.S.Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, who said the proposal"blatantly discriminates" against imports, would be impossible todefend under international trade law and would harm relationswith the Philippines, Malaysia and Indonesia.    Yeutter's letter also said Americans derive most of theirsaturated fats from meat and dairy products and relativelylittle from tropical oils.    The committee voted largely along party lines, with threeDemocrats joining seven Republicans to oppose the measure. Reuter
Morrison Knudsen Corp, in its thirdquarter earnings report released today, said that its backlogof uncompleted contracts at Sept 30 stood at 3.8 billion dlrs,the third highest level in the company's history.    Morrison Knudsen said the backlog was 20 pct above the 3.16billion dlrs reported at the same time a year ago.    Morrison said it also took a 70 mn dlrs charge on theclosing of its real estate development operations. It also tooka 47 mn dlrs pretax provision for estimated losses onconstruction, mining and shipbuilding projects. Reuter
Shr three cts vs two cts    Net 456,000 vs 272,000    Sales 15 mln vs 14.4 mln    Nine mths    Shr six cts vs 23 cts    Net 992,000 vs 3,812,000    Sales 41.1 mln vs 45.4 mln    Order backlog 46 mln vs 24.3 mln    Note: 1986 figures include a gain of 2.9 mln dlr or 17 ctsa share from life insurance proceeds. Reuter

Oper shr 45 cts vs 42 cts    Oper net 33.0 mln vs 31.1 mln    Revs 749.8 mln vs 716.5 mln    Nine mths    Oper shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.11 dlrs    Oper net 91.1 mln vs 81.3 mln    Revs 2.2 billion vs 2.1 billion    NOTE: Prior nine mths and qtr excludes loss of 2.3 mln dlrsdue to discontinued operations. Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said itaffirmed at A-1-plus commercial paper of Perkin-Elmer Corp.    S and P cited expectations of the firm to show sustainedlong-term profit improvement after a recent restructuring.    After two years of lackluster profitability and cuts inoperations, activities concentrated in promising product linesand reduced the firm's overall cost base, S and P noted.    It added that cash flow should strengthen due toanticipated improvement in asset management. Balance sheetstrength should continue with substantial liquidity and debt tototal capital at 22 pct as of July 31, S and P said. Reuter
Gary Associates LP, which saidpreviously it may seek control of Gull Inc, said it increasedits stake in Gull common stock to 388,900 shares, or 7.7 pct ofthe total outstanding, from a previous figure of approximately318,000 shares, or 6.2 pct.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Gary Associates said it made net purchases of 70,900 Gullcommon shares at 15 dlrs to 18.62 dlrs a share.    Gary Associates made no mention of a possible takeoverattempt in its report to the SEC. Reuter
Shr 92 cts vs 91 cts    Net 24.1 mln vs 22.7 mln    Avg shrs 25.4 mln vs 24.8 mln    Nine mths    Shr 20 cts vs 2.58 dlrs    Net 6,028,000 vs 62.7 mln    Avg shrs 25.4 mln vs 24.3 mln    Assets 10.3 billion vs 9.21 billion    Deposits 7.10 billion vs 6.32 billion    Loans 6.52 billion vs 5.60 billion Reuter
Unocal Corp said it raised its postedprices for most U.S. grades of crude oil by 50 cts a barrel,effective October 16.    The move brings the price the company will pay for the U.S.benchmark grade, West Texas Intermediate, and West Texas Sourto 19 dlrs a barrel.    The price was last changed September 9, Unocal said. Reuter
Shr 18 cts vs 14 cts    Net 1,852,000 vs 1,488,000    Revs 44.7 mln vs 35.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr 41 cts vs 34 cts    Net 4,233,000 vs 3,512,000    Revs 123.8 mln vs 98.4 mln    NOTE: Full Name is American Management Systems Inc. Reuter

European Community CommissionPresident Jacques Delors called for a swift convening of ameeting of the G-7 countries following the instability intoday's trading on world money and stock markets.    He told a press conference here: "G-7 should meet discreetlyand quickly."    Delors said if the dollar were to fall further against themark to levels around 1.60, the European Monetary System wouldundergo a "test by fire."    Delors said the current problems in the markets had beencaused by excessive growth in financial trading, excessivederegulation and the failure of the fundamentals of the worldeconomy to adapt themselves quickly enough to changingcircumstances.    He said it was "profoundly unjust" to blame it on recentincreases in West Germany. Reuter
The Pacific Stock Exchange said itsclosing prices will not be released this evening due tomalfunctions within the Exchange's computer system. Reuter
New York Stock Exchange chairman JohnPhelan said the stock market underwent a significant correctiontoday but he did not characterize it as a crash. He also saidthe NYSE will open tomorrow on time.    "The market underwent a significant fall and a significantdevaluation of assets of which we are all concerned," he said.    Speaking to reporters, Phelan listed several reasons whythe market fell today. He said stocks have been going up forfive years without a correction. He also blamed inflationfears, rising interest rates, a lower dollar and problems withIran. "All came together in a very nervous market" he said.    "It's the nearest thing to a meltdown that I ever want tosee," Phelan said. Phelan said what he meant by meltdown was asnowballing effect where selling fed on itself.    Phelan said the NYSE is going through its standardprocedures before trading begins tomorrow. Those proceduresinclude checking with member firms on their liquidity, marginpositions, and backlog. "We know of no firm that has asignificant problem, but that could change at any moment," hesaid.    Asked for advice for the average investor, Phelan said, "Wedo not know where the market will end up."    The Dow Jones Industrial average declined a record 508points to 1738.74. Volume was a record setting 605 mln shares,almost double the previous record.    Phelan, in response to a question on declines in foreignmarkets, said he believes there is no loss of confidence in theglobal economy. He added that the underlying fundamentals ofthe U.S. economy are still strong, and that corporate earningsalso continue to be firm.    Phelan explained today's record descent as being the resultof a confluence of factors, including the globalization ofmarkets and the proliferation of new securities instruments.    Those two factors alone have made the market more volatile,he said.    Phelan also said a major factor in the decline was the factthat there has been no major correction in the five-year bullmarket. He also pointed to rising tension in the Mideast Gulf.    The New York Stock Exchange was in constant contact withthe Securities and Exchange Commission about a possible halt inall trading on the exchange, Phelan said. "The consensus wasthat it is better to let the market try to work itself out," hesaid.    In addition, Phelan said that with the global nature oftrading there is no guarantee that halting trading on the NewYork Stock Exchange would have served any purpose. Phelan saidhe was in contact with the Treasury department, White House andthe Federal Reserve, but that the contact was made as a matterof routine. Reuter
U.S. Treasury Secretary James Bakermet West German Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg andBundesbank President Karl Otto Poehl today in West Germany andagreed to support the Louvre pact, the Treasury Departmentsaid.    The Treasury described the meeting as "a very positive,private meeting in Frankfurt, West Germany which had beenagreed upon last week. "The parties agreed to continue economiccooperation under the Louvre agreement and its flexibleapplication including cooperation on exchange rate stabilityand monetary policies," the Treasury said.    The Treasury said Baker and Stoltenberg "are consulting withtheir G-7 colleagues and are confident that this will enablethem to foster exchange rate stability around current levels."    The Louvre pact is an agreement between the Group of Sevenleading industrial countries including the United States andWest Germany to promote currency stability.    Baker was scheduled to visit Scandinavia and Belgium thisweek and the department earlier refused to release details ofhis travel itinerary, citing security considerations. Reuter
Shr 23 cts vs 18 cts    Net 249,920 vs 194,369    Revs 3,752,641 vs 3,355,563    NOTE: Full name is Scicom Data Services Ltd. Reuter
Shr profit three cts vs profit nine cts    Net profit 102,136 vs profit 307,516    Revs 8,549,182 vs 8,469,476    Nine mths    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 28 cts    Net loss 458,823 vs profit 1,014,969    Revs 25.5 mln vs 24.6 mln Reuter
President Reagan is concerned aboutthe record drop in stock prices but remains convinced on thebasis of administration talks with financial experts that theeconomy remains sound, the White House said.    White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said in a writtenstatement that Reagan "watched today with concern" the decline onWall Street, where the Dow Jones industrial average plungedmore than 500 points.    The statement said Reagan had directed administrationofficials to consult with leading financial experts, includingthe chairmen of the Federal Reserve, the Securities andExchance Commission, and the New York Stock Exchange.    "These consultations confirm our view that the underlyingeconomy remains sound," Fitzwater said.    The White House statement, issued about 45 minutes afterthe stock market closed, appeared designed to calm investorsworried about U.S. economic propects.    "We are in the longest peacetime expansion in history.Employment is at the highest level ever. Manufacturing outputis up. The trade deficit, when adjusted for changes incurrencies, is steadily improving. And, as the chairman of theFederal Reserve Board has recently stated, there is no evidenceof a resurgence of inflation in the United States," Fitzwatersaid.       He said Reagan was keeping close watch on the markets inthe United States and in countries, where waves of sellingdeveloped on Monday.    "We will continue to closely monitor these developments,"Fitzwater said.    However, his three-paragraph statement gave no hint ofwhat, if any, action Reagan might take if the stock marketplunge continues.    The percentage drop of 22.6 percent on Monday was thesecond largest ever, exceeded only by the 24.4 percent drop onDec. 12, 1914.       It easily eclipsed the fall of 12.8 percent on Oct. 28,1929 which helped spark the Great Depression.    Reagan and his top advisers discussed the market crisis,which came on the same day American naval forces retaliated forlast Friday's alleged Iranian missile attack on a U.S. flaggedKuwaiti tanker in the Gulf, at a White House issues luncheon.    Presidential aides told reporters after the luncheon anofficial statement was likely to be issued when the marketsclosed. Reuter
Qtly div 39 cts vs 39 cts    Pay December 31    Record December 4 Reuter
Shr 19 cts vs 38 cts    Net 397,000 vs 788,000    Nine mths    Shr 80 cts vs 1.19 dlrs    Net 1,674,000 vs 2,455,000    NOTE: Company would not provide assets, deposits, and loansfigures. Reuter
Shr 99 cts vs not given    Net 1,943,000 vs not given    Nine mths    Shr 2.35 dlrs vs not given    Net 4,602,000 vs not given    NOTE: Full name is Gateway Federal Savings and LoanAssociation. Latest qtr includes a tax credit of 909,000 dlrsor 46 cents a share. Latest nine mths includes a tax credit of2,330,000 dlrs or 1.19 dlrs. 1986 figures not given as companywent public on June 2, 1987. Reuter
Shr five cts vs eight cts    Net 100,000 vs 176,000    Revs 4,027,000 vs 3,649,000    NOTE: 1986 qtr includes gain 90,000 dlrs, or four cts pershare, from tax gain. Reuter


Texaco Inc said removal ofsulphur emissions from the hot coal gases inside Texaco's coalgasifier will be studied under a two-phase, five-year programagreed to with the U.S. Energy Department.    Texaco said the program could total some 17 mln dlrs injoint government/industry funding. The company has agreed tpcontributed a minimum of 20 pct of the cost, it said.    The agreement calls for the DOE to fund the remainder,Texaco said, adding the private sectors share could grow ifother organizations joint the test prgram.       Texaco said the experimental technique involves injecting"sorbents" such as iron oxide or calcium compounds directlyinto the gasification vessel used in its proprietary CoalGasification Process.    Such in situ sulphur capture could reduce or eliminate theneed for separte clean-up devices after syhthetic gas isproduced from coal, the company explained. Reuter
Atlantic Richfield's Arco Oil and Gas Cosaid it increased contract prices for crude oil by 50 cts abarrel, effective today.    Arco said the 50 cts increase brings its posted price forWest Texas Intermediate, the U.S. benchmark grade, to 19.00dlrs a barrel.    The price of West Texas Sour was increased to 18.10 dlrs.Light Louisiana Sweet was raised to 19.35 dlrs.    The price was last changed on September 30. Reuter
Shr 39 cts vs 39 cts    Net 24.4 mln vs 23.8 mln    Revs 425.9 mln vs 396.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.04 dlrs    Net 76.3 mln vs 64.1 mln    Revs 1.26 billion vs 1.12 billion    NOTE: Net adjusted to account for the recent 2-for-1 splitof the company's common.       Qtr 1986 includes a seven cts per shr gain due to netafter-tax foreign currency exchange effect. Reuter
Oper shr loss 2.51 dlrs vs profit 94 cts    Oper net loss 27.2 mln vs profit 10.3 mln    Revs 464.2 mln vs 504.6 mln    Nine mths    Oper shr loss 1.33 dlrs vs profit 2.57 dlrs    Oper net loss 14.4 mln vs profit 28.2 mln    Revs 1.41 billion vs 1.55 billion       NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths excludes loss 41.1 mln dlrs,or 3.79 dlrs per share, and loss 41.8 mln dlrs, or 3.87 dlrsper share, respectively, from discontinued real estateoperations.    1986 qtr and nine mths include loss 126,000 dlrs, or onecent per share, and gain 304,000 dlrs, or three cts per share,respectively, from discontinued operations. Reuter



Merrill Lynch and Co Inc said it wasconfident in the financial markets despite the unprecedenteddecline in the stock market.    "America's economic system is the strongest in the world,with great inherent ability to correct itself, and it remainsfundamentally sound," said chairman William Schreyer andpresident Daniel Tully in a statement.    "We recognize that emotions run high during such a periodas we are experiencing. However, now is the time when it iscritical that reason and objectivity prevail," they said. Reuter
Shr 19 cts vs 38 cts    Net 397,000 vs 788,000    Nine mths    Shr 80 cts vs 1.19 dlrs    Net 1,674,000 vs 2,455,000    NOTE: Company would not provide assets, deposits, and loansfigures. Reuter

Taco Bell Corp, a unit of Pepsico Inc,said it increased its stake in Calny Inc common stock to1,349,884 shares, or 27.9 pct of the total outstanding, from aprevious figure of approximately 1,230,107 shares, or 25.4 pct.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Taco Bell said it bought 119,867 Calny common shares on October15 and 16 at 10.75 dlrs a share.    No reason was given for the recent purchases. Reuter
Groupe Macyro Inc said itagreed to buy two Quebec construction wholesalers, (Nap Dumont(1982) Ltd) and (Nap Transport Cie Ltd) for 3.5 mln dlrs.     Macyro said the two companies operate in the constructionmaterial, electiricty, plumbing, hardware and locksmithingsectors and had sales of 23.5 mln dlrs last year.                Reuter
Oper shr profit 62 cts vs profit seven cts    Oper net profit 3,492,000 vs profit 401,000    Revs 62.8 mln vs 62.0 mln    Nine mths    Oper shr profit 1.26 dlrs vs loss 42 cts    Oper net profit 7,131,000 vs loss 2,344,000    Revs 190.3 mln vs 180.0 mln    NOTE: 1986 period ended September 28. Results excludeextraordinary gain from net loss carryforward of 228,000 dlrsor three cts a shr in the 1987 3rd qtr and 1,043,000 dlrs or 18cts in the 1987 nine mths. 1986 nine mth results excludeearnings from discontinued operations of 7,549,000 dlrs or 1.34dlrs. Reuter

Shr loss two cts vs loss 1.79 dlrs    Net profit 4,959,000 vs loss 56.2 mln    Revs 290.3 mln vs 245.0 mln    Nine mths    Shr loss 75 cts vs loss 1.78 dlrs    Net loss 9,390,000 vs loss 44.2 mln    Revs 800.8 mln vs 838.6 mln    NOTE: Full name is AMCA International Ltd. Results in U.S.dlrs. Latest qtr earnings include pension refund of 10 mlndlrs, representing loss of two cts per shr after payment ofpreferred dividends. Reuter


The U.S. Chamber of Commerce, in astatement, said the phenomenal sell-off in the stock market isvery likely to have run its course.    The chamber said "there is no justification for such adramatic downward correction."    While conceding that there is some justifiable concernabout inflation, higher interest rates and a lower dollar,these uncertainties have been overcompensated for over recentweeks, the Chamber said. Reuter
Par Pharmaceutical Inc saidit received approval from the Food and Drug Administration ontwo applications to manufacture and market the generic drugLeucovorin Calcium in tablet form.    Par said it would begin to market the drug in dosagestrengths of five mg and 25 mg.    Leucovorin calcium is the generic name for Wellcovorin, aproduct of &lt;Burroughs Wellcome Co> used as an adjunct to cancertherapy, the company said. Reuter
Shr 1.17 dlrs vs 80 cts    Net 5,500,000 vs 3,500,000    Nine months    Shr 3.30 dlrs vs 2.10 dlrs    Net 15.1 mln vs 9.2 mln    Assets 1.6 billion vs 1.4 billion    Deposits 1.3 billion vs 1.1 billion    Loans 947.0 mln vs 822.0 mln Reuter
Yugoslavia's ambitious economic recoveryand anti-inflation plan faces major hurdles before it can beimplemented, Yugoslav economists and Western diplomats said.    Prime Minister Branko Mikulic on Monday proposed new taxeshitting high income earners, moonlighters, property andinterest on savings as part of new government plans to rein inthe country's 123 pct inflation.    He also proposed price and wage restraint and the trimmingof repayments on the 20 billion dlr foreign debt in line withcurrency earning abiltiy.    "The taxes will anger many Yugoslavs struggling withsoaring prices and will be resisted in Parliament," a Westerndiplomatic source said. Yugoslav economists said Mikulic'sdraft plans left many questions unanswered.    "It was a list of goals, not concrete measures," said asenior Yugoslav economist at a leading Yugoslav researchinstitute.    The state news agency Tanjug was more optimistic. It saidthe proposals indicated "real economic reforms" were coming.    Further details of the program, which Mikulic summarised inParliament, are to appear in the days ahead, and the draft hasto be debated and voted on by deputies in November.    "The goals are good," a leading Belgrade economist said."No one can argue with that. But the million dollar question,as with all government programs here, is how they will beimplemented."    Zoran Popov, senior research fellow at The BelgradeInstitute for Industrial Economy said the existing system mademany of the proposals difficult to put into effect.    "A change in the the system of taxation requires changes inthe constitution," he said. "Mikulic's speech tells us what hewants to do, but not how."    "It may be anti-inflationary," one diplomat said. "But thequestion is how can you tax a black economy and how will thegovernment find out who has two jobs or more than one home."    Economists and diplomats said the proposals could beresisted by deputies from several of Yugoslavia's constituentrepublics and provinces in defence of regional interests.    Such resistance has blocked the nationwide implementationof federal government economic policy on many past occasions. Reuter
New Jersey investor David F. Bolgersaid he has delivered requests for a special meeting ofCleveland-Cliffs Inc &lt;CLF> shareholders representing more than25 pct of the total voting shares in the company.    Bolger, who heads a group that owns 6.4 pct ofCleveland-Cliff's outstanding stock, said he is seeking thespecial meeting to remove the current board of directors andelect his nominees.    The Bolger group had called for a special shareholdermeeting prior to the company's recent issuance of four mln newshares, Bolger said. Reuter


William Crowe, chairman of the U.S.Joint Chiefs of Staff, predicted Iran will retaliate for theU.S. strike against its oil platform though he said Iranianoptions were limited.    "They will be determined. They will not be easily deterred,and let me stress for you that our commitment there is notgoing to be risk free or casualty free."    He said the most likely Iranian response would involveterrorism or the laying of mines.    "They obviously will look for ways that are probably more inline with the 'silent hand' than what they have tried thus far,"Crowe told an American Stock Exchange conference.    He declined comment on a reporter's query whether hefavored a stronger move against Iran than that ordered by thepresident.    "We carried out the operation that was decided upon and wecarried it out with enthusiasm and I think it wasprofessionally and well done," Crowe said. Reuter
Jefferies and Co said it is making amarket in Allegis Corp at 67 to 68.    The New York Stock Exchange halted the stock before theclose at 75 for an order imbalance.    A Jefferies official said the firm, which specializes inthird market trading, is staying open tonight "to accomodateour customers." Reuter
The U.S. Agriculture Department haswithdrawn the offers of dairy cattle to Egypt under the ExportEnhancement Program.    The department said the initiative for 10,000 head of dairycattle was announced on September 12, 1986, and sales of 3,501head have been approved since that date.    The department said it is its objective to complete saleswithin one year after announcing an initiative, and thatinitiatives are continued for over a year only if sufficientsales activity occurs.    It said it is giving exporters three days notice of thewithdrawn in keeping with regulations under the program. Reuter
Standard and Poor's Corp said itaffirmed at 100 mln dlrs of subordinated debt at B-plus andcertificates of deposit at BB/B.    S and P cited the firm's restructuring which resulted in a380 mln dlr third quarter loss. The loss was primarily due tothe amortization of 330 mln dlrs of goodwill, the agency said.It added that amortization does not affect tangible net worthand is considered a reflection of economic reality.    Goodwill remains a high part of total equity and capitallevels remain weak. The below-average core profitability shouldbe enhanced by the firm's business focus, S and P said. Reuter
Wall Street tumbled to its worst pointloss ever and the worst percentage decline since the FirstWorld War as a frenzy of stock selling stunned even the mostbearish market participants. "Everyone is in awe and the word'crash' is on everyone's mind," one trader said.    The Dow Jones industrial average fell 508 points to 1738, alevel it has not been at since the Autumn of 1986.    Volume soared to 603 mln shares, almost doubling theprevious record of 338 mln traded just last Friday. Reuter
The New York Stock Exchange said it willhold a press conference at 16:20 EDT.    The exchange released no further details.    The Dow Jones industrial average fell over 500 points intrading on Monday, exceeding the Oct 28, 1929 decline thatheralded the Great Depression. Reuter
Fortune Financial Group Inc saidit extended its stock repurchase program for an additional sixmonths.    The program, which began last April, will extend to April16, 1988, the company said.    Last April the board authorized the repurchase of up to400,000 common shares, of which 111,200 were repurchased, thecompany said.    The company said it may purchase another 288,800 shares inthe open market.    Reuter
The Pacific Stock Exchange said itplans to close at 1300 pdt rather than at its normal closingtime of 1330 pdt because of the extraordinary volume oftransactions.    The exchange also said it will use a closing rotation inall equity options series in order to determine a singleclosing price for the day and to match all outstnding marketorders.    Daily trading volume normally totals between 8-1/2 and ninemln shares, an exchange spokesman said, adding, volume totaledabout eight mln shares one and one-half hours ago.    "There's a lot of anxiety of course, but no panic," stockexchange spokesman Don Alexander said of the trading activity.    "I think everybody's holding up under the situation verywell."    The stock market suffered its worst setback in history onMonday. After the close of trading the New York Stock Exchangesaid preliminary figures indicated a record 507.99 point dropin the Dow Jones Industrial average. Reuter
Ametek Inc said its board approved aprogram to purchase the company's stock.    It also announced directors will review increasing thequarterly dividend at their regular November meeting,considering a payment of 15 cts a share on the recently splitstock. Ametek said this would be equal to 30 cts a share on thepresent shares, up from the 25 cts quarterly paid previously.    The company provided no details on its stock repurchaseprogram. It noted such purchases have been made fromtime-to-time in the past. Reuter
Shr 11 cts vs nine cts    Net 105,489 vs 88,929    Revs 2,306,697 vs 2,066,636    Nine mths    Shr 17 cts vs 14 cts    Net 167,960 vs 136,856    Revs 6,714,468 vs 6,026,343    NOTE: 1987 qtr and nine mths includes tax gain 64,200 dlrsand 102,200 dlrs, respectively. 1986 qtr and nine mths includestax gain 78,000 dlrs and 107,000 dlrs, respectively. Reuter
Shr five cts vs seven cts    Net 80,642 vs 115,222    Revs 7,833,570 vs 5,739,443    Nine mths    Shr five cts vs 1.11 dlrs    Net 80,773 vs 1,743,828    Revs 21.6 mln vs 16.3 mln Reuter

Qtly div 50 cts vs 50 cts prior    Pay December 10    Record November 13 Reuter
Primary shr 68 cts vs 65 cts    Diluted shr 62 cts vs 60 cts    Net 6,053,000 vs 5,803,000    Revs 101.4 mln vs 94.8 mln    Primary avg shrs 8,955,000 vs 8,963,000    Diluted avg shrs 11,031,000 vs 11,010,000       Nine months    Primary shr 1.74 dlrs vs 1.83 dlrs    Diluted shr 1.64 dlrs vs 1.69 dlrs    Net 15.6 mln vs 16.3 mln    Revs 291.4 mln vs 266.7 mln    Primary avg shrs 8,974,000 vs 8,936,000    Diluted avg shrs 11,053,000 vs 10,994,000    NOTE: 1986 third qtr results exclude extraordinary 811,000dlr gain from termination of a pension plan. 1986 nine monthresults include 1,804,000 dlr gain from June 1986 sale ofNational Sanitary Supply common stock in an initial offering. Reuter
Shr 27 cts vs 21 cts    Net 988,000 vs 784,000    Nine mths    Shr 82 cts    Net 3,040,000 vs 2,089,000    Assets 284.2 mln vs 244.0 mln    Loans 203.7 mln vs 133.5 mln    Deposits 211.7 mln vs 179.5 mln    NOTE: 1986 nine mths per share not available because bankdid not convert to stock form until May 22, 1986. Reuter
Shr 41 cts vs 47 cts    Net 1,002,000 vs 931,000    Avg shrs 2,452,171 vs 1,975,422    Nine mths    Shr 1.23 dlrs vs 1.41 dlrs    Net 3,014,000 vs 2,776,000    Avg shrs 2,444,591 vs 1,967,539 Reuter
Shr three cts vs two cts    Net 109,000 vs 67,000    Sales 11.3 mln vs 11.3 mln    Nine mths    Shr seven cts vs 99 cts    Net 221,000 vs 3,213,000    Sales 30.6 mln vs 35.9 mln    Order backlog 22.7 mln vs 13.5 mln    Note: 1986 figures include life insurance proceeds of 2.5mln dlr or 78 cts a share. Reuter
Shr profit 22 cts vs loss 22 cts    Net profit 430,373 vs loss 433,395    Sales 7,723,838 vs 6,219,157    Nine mths    Shr profit 49 cts vs loss 1.20 dlrs    Net profit 960,008 vs loss 2,338,286    Sales 23.2 mln vs 19.9 mln    NOTE: 1986 data restated to reflect operations discontinuedin 1986    1986 earnings exclude loss from discontinued operations of319,055 dlrs, or 16 cts a share in the quarter and 906,962dlrs, or 46 cts a share for the nine months Reuter
Allied-Signal Aerospace Co, a unit ofAllied-Signal Inc &lt;ALD>, and Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc signedan agreement to develop full color, liquid crystal, activematrix flat panel display for use in cockpit instrument displaysystems, Ovonic Imaging said.    The display systems are for use in airplanes andspacecraft.    Under the agreement, Ovonic, a unit of Energy ConversionDevices Inc &lt;ENER.O>, will receive payments of about 4.5 mlndlrs over two year based upon completion of certain developmentmilestones. Reuter
Treasury balances at the FederalReserve rose on October 16 to 12.813 billion dlrs from 9.985billion dlrs on the previous business day, the Treasury said inits latest budget statement.    Balances in tax and loan note accounts rose to 28.398billion dlrs from 28.117 billion dlrs on the same respectivedays.    The Treasury's operating cash balance totaled 41.211billion dlrs on October 16 compared with 38.102 billion dlrs onOctober 15. Reuter
&#2;STRATUS COMPUTER INC &lt;STRA.O> 3RD QTR NET    shr 26 cts vs 18 cts    net 5,281,000 vs 3,496,000    rev 48.8 mln vs 32.1 mln    nine mos    shr 64 cts vs 51 cts    net 12,852,000 vs 9,822,000    rev 129.0 mln vs 89.2 mln             Reuter&#3;

U.S. warships destroyed an Iranian oilplatform in the Gulf on Monday and the Navy also raided asecond oil rig in retaliation for Friday's Iranian missileattack on a U.S. flag tanker, the Pentagon said.    President Reagan and Defense Secretary Caspar Weinbergerwarned Iran of even stronger countermeasures if the militaryescalation between the two countries continued in the volatilewaterway.    Reagan said he ordered the strike on the first platform byfour U.S. destroyers, which fired about 1,000 five-inch shellsat the Rostam oil rig 120 miles east of Bahrain in the centralGulf.    A short time later, Navy personnel boarded a second Iranianoil platform about five miles to the north and destroyed radarand communications equipment before leaving the structure, thePentagon said.     Defense Department spokesman Fred Hoffman told reportersthat the second platform had been abandoned by Iranianpersonnel during the shelling and destruction of the first rig.    The United States said both platforms were being used tokeep track of Gulf merchant shipping and to launch speedboatattacks on such shipping by Iranian Revolutionary guards. Reuter
Gulf and Western Inc's publishing unit,Simon and Schuster, said it agreed in principle to acquire&lt;Woodhead-Faulkner (Publishers) Ltd>, a British-based publisherof professional and consumer books, for undisclosed terms.    Upon completion of the proposed transaction,Woodhead-Faulkner will become part of Simon and Schuster'sInternational Group, which in the U.K. includes Simon andSchuster trade books, and Prentice Hall academic texts.    Simon and Schuster said that Woodhead-Faulkner willcontinue to publish under that name.    The company will continue to be under the direction ofMartin Woodhead, who will report to Henry Hirschberg, presidentof Simon and Schuster's International Group.    Woodhead-Faulkner, founded in 1972, publishes internationalbanking, finance, and investment books. Reuter
Shr 52 cts vs 45 cts    Net 2,623,000 vs 2,256,000    Nine mths    Shr 1.55 dlrs vs 1.45 dlrs    Net 7,744,000 vs 6,542,000 Reuter
Shr 16 cts vs 14 cts    Net 954,000 vs 777,000    Revs 24.7 mln vs 21.5 mln    Avg shrs 6,000,000 vs 6,000,000    Nine mths    Shr 39 cts vs 34 cts    Net 2,314,000 vs 1,805,000    Revs 69.2 mln vs 59.3 mln    Avg shrs 6,000,000 vs 5,363,000 Reuter
Culp Inc, citing lower margins,said it expects income from operations in its second quarterending October 31 to be lower than in the same year-ago period.    But Culp said that due to a capital gain from the sale ofits Culp Industrial Fabrics unit, net income for the quartershould be higher than the 1.5 mln dlrs, or 35 cts per share, itearned in the 1986 third quarter.    Culp also said it expects it will be difficult in itscurrent fiscal year to match the 5.2 mln dlrs it earned for theyear ended May 2, 1987, even if it included the capital gainfrom the sale of the division. Reuter
Canada's economy is strong and the outlook remains positive despite the sharp fall of stock prices onCanadian and other exchanges, Finance Minister Michael Wilsontold the House of Commons.    "I look with some confidence in the performance in theeconomy...I think we have a sound economy in Canada," Wilsonsaid in response to opposition party questions.    Wilson, noting the relative stability in the Canadianexchange and bond markets, rejected opposition demands to takesome form of action.             "There has been both quite good stability in both the(currency) exchange and bond markets this morning and I don'tsee any reason why we should try to take action that'santicipating somethnng which might not happen," Wilson said.    The Canadian dollar held steady around the 77 U.S. marktoday while the Toronto Stock Exchange's composite index wasoff 292.20 points to 3,306.40 in late trading Monday.           Reuter
A major South African mining houseon Monday reported two of its gold mines suffered huge lossesas a result of a black miners' strike in August which crippledabout half the country's crucial gold mines.    Johannesburg Consolidated Investment Company, one of thesix major mining houses, said the two mines suffered a combinednet loss of 9.7 mln dlrs in the three months to end-Septembercompared with a profit of 8.6 mln dlrs in the precedingquarter.    It was the first indication of the real economic impact ofthe biggest wage strike in the history of the gold miningindustry, which accounts for nearly half the value of SouthAfrica's total exports.    "The results were pretty disastrous, primarily due to theimpact of the strike," Ken Maxwell, head of JohannesburgConsolidated's gold division, told a news conference inJohannesburg.    "We haven't recovered from the strike yet," he said, addingthat 70 percent of underground mining at the group's biggestmine, Randfontein Estates, was halted by the three-week strike.    Johannesburg Consolidated and its controlling company, thegiant Anglo American Corp., were hard-hit by the three-weekminers' strike, but refused to disclose production losses.    Anglo American is due to report its quarterly gold-mineprofits later this week. Reuter
Shr 86 cts vs 74 cts    Net 11.1 mln vs 8.6 mln    Revs 87.7 mln vs 80.5 mln    Avg shrs 12,857,904 vs 11,578,259    Nine mths    Shr 2.61 dlrs vs 2.15 dlrs    Net 32.6 mln vs vs 24.8 mln    Revs 269.8 mln vs 257.8 mln    Avg shrs 12,482,780 vs 11,502,035    12 mths    Shr 3.28 dlrs vs 2.80 dlrs    Net 40.3 mln vs 32.1 mln    Revs 355.4 mln vs 342.1 mln    Avg shrs 12,271,220 vs 11,457,028 Reuter
The European Community is willing tooffer limited concessions to the United States on one of twomajor issues which threaten to poison their trade relationsnext year, an EC commission spokesman said.    He said the offer would be made at a meeting later thismonth between U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter and ECExternal Relations Commissioner Willy de Clercq.    EC Farm Commissioner Frans Andriessen told agricultureministers meeting in Luxembourg that the EC is willing to makesome temporary arrangements to lighten the impact on U.S.Exports of an EC plan to ban the sales of meat from animals fedwith growth hormones, the spokesman said.    Washington has said it will take trade reprisals if the ECproceeds with the ban from January 1 and if European countriesdo not quickly cut back what it sees as unfair subsidies to themakers of their Airbus airliner which are harming U.S.Manufacturers.    It claims the hormones ban has no scientific basis and willrob it of 130 mln dlrs' worth of exports a year.    Diplomatic sources said the Yeutter-de Clercq meeting willtake place in London and will also involve the aerospaceministers of France, Britain, West Germany and Spain, thecountries involved in the Airbus project. Reuter
FMC Corp said its Marine Colloidsdivision was awarded a patent for anti-icing fluids thickenedwith carrageenan seaplant extract.    The company said the patent covers glycol-based anti-icingsolutions containing gel-forming carrageenan in an amountsufficient to thicken the fluid and promote its adherence tosurfaces.    FMC said it intends to grant licenses for use of its patentto interested chemical producers and equipment users. Reuter
British Foreign Secretary Sir GeoffreyHowe backed the United States' attack on an Iranian oilplatform on Monday and said it should not worsen the Gulfcrisis.    "The United States is fully entitled to take military actionin exercise of rights of self-defense, in the face of theimminent threat of further attacks," Howe said in a statementissued in London.    The United States said its forces destroyed the platform onMonday in retaliation for an Iranian missile attack on a U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti ship last Friday.    Referring to that attack, Howe added, "I trust the Iranianswill fully understand that continued attacks of this kind willonly enhance justification for firm action in self-defense."    At a press conferenced in Luxembourg during a meeting ofEuropean Community (EC) ministers, Howe was asked aboutstatements from a senior Iranian official who said America wasnow involved in a full-scale war.    "It would be profoundly undesirable and quite unjustifiedfor Iran to react in that way," he said. Reuter
The Dow Jones Industrial average plungedto 1844.97, a 404 point decline in the leading marketindicator.    The last time the Dow index touched the 1840 level was inNovember, 1986. Reuter
Qtly div one cent vs 10 cts in prior quarter    Payable November 16    Record November two Reuter
American Telephone and Telegraph Cosaid it supported the Federal Communications Commission's (FCC)plan to establish price ceilings for ATT long-distance servicesas a replacement for current regulation.    The company was responding to an FCC proposal of August 4that price caps replace the current rate-of-return regulation,which has been in place for the past 20 years.       ATT said vigorous competition in the long-distance industryhas made obsolete rate-of-return, which stipulates that acompany can earn no more than a fixed rate -- currently 12.2pct -- on its investment.    The company termed the price cap a "transitional step," andsaid it hoped the FCC would support a program of regulatoryoversight, which would consist of a streamlined tariff process.   Reuter



AFG Industries Inc said its boardauthorized management to buy back up to four mln common shares,or 15.7 pct of the AFG stock outstanding, from time to time inthe open market.    The company said the action was taken in light of currentmarket conditions.    It also said the repurchased shares will be returned totreasury for general corporate purposes and for use with stockoption plans. Reuter
J.P. Morgan and Co Inc saidthird-quarter net income rose 3.6 pct to 219.2 mln dlrs, from211.5 mln a year earlier, partly because of reduced loan-lossprovisions and a lower income tax bill.    For the first nine months of the year, however, Morganposted a loss of 140.8 mln dlrs, compared with a profit of682.4 mln in the same period of 1986, because it set aside 875mln dlrs in reserves in the second quarter against shakythird-world loans.    The provision for loan losses in the quarter was 20 mlndlrs, down from 70 mln a year earlier.    Morgan's tax bill was 52.4 mln dlrs in the quarter, downfrom 85.3 mln a year earlier, mainly because of benefitsassociated with the second-quarter loan-loss provision.    Net interest earnings fell to 474.3 mln dlrs from 526.5 mlnas net yield narrowed to 2.71 pct from 3.13 pct and 1.3 billiondlrs of Brazilian loans remained on non-accrual.    Non-interest operating income was 296 mln dlrs, up from292.8 mln. Net charge-offs halved to 16 mln dlrs.    Expenses jumped 18 pct to 387.3 mln dlrs, with personnelcosts accounting for half of the increase. The effect of thelower dollar on overseas costs was also a factor. Reuter
CCR Video Corp said it received anoffer to enter into negotiations for &lt;Intercep Investment Corp>of Vancouver, B.C., to acquire a controlling interest in thecompany through a tender offer.    CCR said the negotiations would determine the terms underwhich the CCR board could support an Intercep tender offer.    Additional details were not immediately available. Reuter

Huge oil platforms dot the Gulf likebeacons -- usually lit up like Christmas trees at night.    One of them, sitting astride the Rostam offshore oilfield,was all but blown out of the water by U.S. Warships on Monday.    The Iranian platform, an unsightly mass of steel andconcrete, was a three-tier structure rising 200 feet (60metres) above the warm waters of the Gulf until four U.S.Destroyers pumped some 1,000 shells into it.    The U.S. Defense Department said just 10 pct of one sectionof the structure remained.    U.S. helicopters destroyed three Iranian gunboats after anAmerican helicopter came under fire earlier this month and U.S.forces attacked, seized, and sank an Iranian ship they said hadbeen caught laying mines.    But Iran was not deterred, according to U.S. defenseofficials, who said Iranian forces used Chinese-made Silkwormmissiles to hit a U.S.-owned Liberian-flagged ship on Thursdayand the Sea Isle City on Friday.    Both ships were hit in the territorial waters of Kuwait, akey backer of Iraq in its war with Iran.    Henry Schuler, a former U.S. diplomat in the Middle Eastnow with CSIS said Washington had agreed to escort Kuwaititankers in order to deter Iranian attacks on shipping.    But he said the deterrence policy had failed and the levelof violence and threats to shipping had increased as a resultof U.S. intervention and Iran's response.    The attack on the oil platform was the latest example of aU.S. "tit-for-tat" policy that gave Iran the initiative, saidHarlan Ullman, an ex-career naval officer now with CSIS.    He said with this appraoch America would suffer "the deathof one thousand cuts."    But for the United States to grab the initiativemilitarily, it must take warlike steps such as mining Iran'sharbors or blockading the mouth of the Gulf through which itsshipping must pass, Schuler said.    He was among those advocating mining as a means of bringingIran to the neogtiating table. If vital supplies were cut off,Tehran could not continue the war with Iraq.    Ullman said Washington should join Moscow in a diplomaticinitiative to end the war and the superpowers should impose anarms embargo against Tehran if it refused to negotiate.    He said the United States should also threaten to mine andblockade Iran if it continued fighting and must press Iraq toacknowledge responsibility for starting the war as part of asettlement.    Iranian and Western diplomats say Iraq started the war byinvading Iran's territory in 1980. Iraq blames Iran for theoutbreak of hostilities, which have entailed World War I-styleinfantry attacks resulting in horrific casualties.    Each side has attacked the others' shipping. Reuter

The Canadian Auto Workers' Union said itaccepted an economic offer from the Canadian division ofGeneral Motors Corp &lt;GM> in contract negotiations.    But union president Bob White said many local issues at the11 plants in Ontario and Quebec still remained unresolved aheadof Thursday's deadline for a strike by 40,000 workers.    "It minimizes the possibility of a strike," White toldreporters.    However, "if we don't have local agreements settled byThursday, there will be a strike," he said.    The local issues still unresolved involved health care,skilled trades and job classifications, White said.    GM Canada negotiator Rick Curd said he believed a strikewould be avoided.    "Even though there are some tough issues to be resolvedwe're on the right schedule to meet the target," Curd said.    "I'm very pleased with the state of the negotiations," hesaid.    Union membership meetings have been scheduled for theweekend in case a tentative settlement, said White.    White said the union has also received assurances that ajob protection pact negotiated with GM workers in the U.S. doesnot threaten Canadian jobs.    The economic offer for a three-year pact largely matchesagreements at Ford &lt;F> and Chrysler &lt;C> in Canada, whichinclude inflation-indexed payments for future retirees andfixed annual payments for current retirees.    It also gives workers wage increases of three pctimmediately and 1.5 pct in each of the second and third years. Reuter
Canada Development Corp said its&lt;Polysar Ltd> unit completed a refinancing package worth about830 mln Canadian dlrs.    The company said the financing, which involves 24 banks and four syndicated loans, consists of a 380 mln Canadian dlrrevolver, a 200 mln Canadian dlr European medium term loan, a149 mln Canadian dlr revolver and a 100 mln Canadian dlroperating loan.    The company said the refinancing will reduce borrowingcosts, in addition to having other benefits. Reuter
A U.S. attack on an Iranian oil platformin the Gulf on Monday appeared to be a tit-for-tat raidcarefully orchestrated not to be too provocative or upset Araballies, Western diplomats in the region said.    U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinberger said Monday thatU.S. Warships destroyed the oil platform in the southern Gulfin response to a missile strike on the American-registeredKuwaiti tanker Sea Isle City in Kuwaiti waters on Friday.    "We consider the matter closed," he said, a signal the U.S.administration did not want the Gulf crisis to escalate.    Iran had warned the United States earlier in the dayagainst exacerbating the Gulf crisis, saying military actionwould endanger American interests.    Following the raid, a okesman for Tehran's WarInformation Headquarters vowed to avenge the attack with a"crushing blow."    "The United States has entered a swamp from which it can inno way get out safely," Tehran Radio quoted him as saying.    Diplomats noted, however, Iran was also seeking to avoidostracism by Arab states due to meet at a summit in Amman onNovember 8 and discuss the Iran-Iraq war.    Iranian Prime Minister Mir-Hossein Mousavi is currently inDamascus, and diplomats said he would seek Syrian help inpreventing a total Arab breach with Tehran.    Further escalation of the war threatening the Gulf Arabstates could work against Tehran at the Amman gathering, theysaid.    "The ball is in Iran's court now. It's up to Tehran torespond one way or the other," a diplomat said.    President Ronald Reagan warned Iran of stronger Americancountermeasures if the military escalation continued.    Western diplomats and military sources in the area saidshelling the platform appeared to be the least provocative actthe United States could have taken once it had decided toretaliate for the tanker attack, blamed by both the Americansand Kuwaitis on Iran.    "It's interesting that they chose something in internationalwaters because it doesn't implicate any other nation," onediplomat said. "This was better for U.S. Relations with the GulfArab states, particularly Kuwait."    Commented another diplomat: "Kuwait must be happy that theU.S. Has done something, but relieved that Faw was not attackedon its doorstep."    One source said of the attack on the oil platform: "Theymanaged to warn off the crew and hit something that was theleast nuisance to everybody."    A diplomat commented: "They were very clever in the placethey chose. It gets attention, but it hasn't devastatedanything because it wasn't working in the first place."    A senior Arab banker in the area said after the news broke:"This was a good, measured response without risking a flare-up... It is a face-saving response (for the Americans)." Reuter
Brown Disc Products CoInc, a unit fo Genevar Enterprises Inc, said it has purchasedthe ongoing business, trademarks and certain assets ofRhone-Poulenc's Brown Disc Manufacturing unit, for undisclosedterms.    Rhone-Poulenc is a French-based chemical company.    Under the agreement, Rhone-Poulenc will supply magnetictape and media products to Brown Disc Products. Reuter

Lane Telecommunications Inc &lt;LNTL.O> saidRichard Lane, its president and chief operating officer,resigned effective Oct 23.    Lane founded the company in 1976 and has been its presidentsince its inception, the company said.    He said he resigned to pursue other business interests.    Kirk Weaver, chairman and chief executive officer, saidLane's resignation was amicable.    No replacement has been named. Reuter
Perkin-Elmer Corp said it won acontract to provide laboratory information management systemsto the Enviromental Protection Agency's 10 regionallaboratories.    The value and the exact duration of the contract was notdisclosed.    The company said the contract will include hardware,software, installation, support services, and software analystconsultations. Reuter
Qtly div 27-1/2 cts vs 27-1/2 cts prior    Pay December 31    Record December Four Reuter
Shr 43 cts vs 63 cts    Net 16,362,000 vs 24,325,000    Revs 589.3 mln vs 549.1 mln    Nine Mths    Shr 1.40 dlrs vs 1.73 dlrs    Net 54,011,000 66,591,000    Revs 1.68 1.58 billion Reuter
Military experts say the United Statesfaces a dilemma in the Gulf following U.S. destruction of anIranian oil platform in retaliation for an attack on aU.S.-flagged tanker.    The experts told Reuters Tehran holds the initiative and islikely to control the tempo and direction of the conflict aslong as America simply reacts to Iranian attacks by launchinglimited retaliatory strikes.    But if Washington seizes the initiative with bolder steps-- such as mining Iran's harbors, blockading its shipping, ordestroying key bases -- it could find itself in a major war.    "Iran is in the driver's seat in an absolute sense as thecycle of attack and retaliation continues," said Fred Axelgard,a Gulf War expert with the private Center for Strategic andInternational Studies (CSIS).    "It's like a Greek tragedy," said retired Adm. Eugene Carrollof Washington's private Center for Defense Information (CDI)think tank.    Some Middle East experts say the only way out is forWashington to join forces with Moscow in pressing for an end tothe war between Iran and Iraq.    They say it is not feasible for America to withdraw its30-ship force from the Gulf area, where the Navy beganescorting U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tankers in July. Withdrawal would give the appearance of being chased away by Iran, whichPresident Reagan could never accept.    U.S. Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger told a Pentagonnews conference the destroyers Kidd, Young, Leftwich and Hoelfired about 1,000 rounds of five-inch shells at Iran's Rostamoil rig 120 miles east of Bahrain beginning at about 1400 Gulftime (0700 EDT) on Monday.    Weinberger said the platform had been used as a militarybase by Iran and that the attack responded to an IranianSilkworm missile strike on the U.S.-flagged Kuwaiti tanker SeaIsle City on Friday.    Iranians manning the platform were warned in advance andallowed to escape.    "We do not seek further confrontation with Iran, but we willbe prepared to meet any escalation of military action by Iranwith stronger countermeasures," Weinberger said.    "We consider this matter closed," he said.    Analysts ranging from the liberal CDI to conservativesagreed the U.S. reaction was measured, reasonable and did notescalate the conflict unduly. But they said the question waswhether Iran would consider the matter closed. It had not takenthis view after earlier clashes. Reuter
Shr 96 cts vs 87 cts    Net 10.8 mln vs 9,671,000    Revs 103.9 mln vs 97.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.73 dlrs vs 2.62 dlrs    Net 30.7 mln vs 29.3 mln    Revs 325.7 mln vs 302.8 mln Reuter
National City Corp's National City Bankunit said it has begun a personal computer-based financialmanagement service for small businesses.    The service, the InTouch Financial Manager, is based on apersonal computer system develoed by &lt;Harbinger ComputServices> of Atlanta, and is licensed in Ohio by &lt;Money StationInc>, an electronic funds transfer network.    National City said the service will allow businesses to usea personal computer and a local telephone call to communicatewith their bank to initiate transactions and to receive dataanmessages. Reuter
Shr 64 cts vs 55 cts    Net 14.0 mln vs 11.8 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.83 dlrs vs 1.53 dlrs    Net 39.7 mln vs 32.7 mln    Assets 4.65 billion vs 4.53 billion    Loans 3.24 billion vs 2.92 billion    Deposits 3.32 billion vs 3.15 billion Reuter
Shr 30 cts vs 30 cts    Net 1,804,000 vs 1,800,000    Nine mths    Shr 89 cts vs 79 cts    Net 5,334,00 vs 4,496,000    NOTE: Earnings per share reflect initial public offering of534,750 common shares in March 1986 and 2-for-1 stock splits inJanuary and June 1986. Reuter
Norwegian state oil company Den NorskeStats Oljeselskap (Statoil) signed contracts worth a total of1.5 billion Norwegian crowns in connection with the developmentof the Veslefrikk oil field, Statoil said.    Moss Rosenberg Verft of Stavanger has been awarded acontract to convert the the drilling platform West Vision to afloating production platform. The work is to be completed inthe summer of 1989.    Aker Verdal has been awarded a contract for theengineering, purchasing and construction of the steel jacketfor the wellhead platform, also to be completed in 1989,Statoil said. Reuter
The British Treasury confirmed that thesale of British Petroleum Co Plc will go ahead as planned,despite Monday's stock market crash which forced BP below the330p a share set for the 7.2 billion stg issue.    "The government are not considering terminating the BPoffer. The offer has been fully underwritten," a Treasuryspokesman said.    The issue, which remains open until October 28, was fullyunderwritten last week when the issue price was set.    BP shares closed down 33p at 317p as the FT-SE 100 shareindex crashed a record 249.6 points, more than 10 pct. Reuter
Egypt has agreed to build two housingestates and two new roads in Uganda worth a total of 295million dollars, Egyptian commercial attache Muhammud el Tahansaid.    He said Egyptian companies will build 8,000 housing unitsin Kampala and reconstruct the roads between Fort Portal andBundibugyo near the Zaire border in western Uganda and betweenKapchorwa and Swam near Mount Elgon in the east of the country.Uganda would repay 70 per cent of the Egyptian Governmentcredit to finance the projects in the form of barter goods and30 per cent in hard currency, Tahan said. Reuter

Shr 30 cts vs 26 cts    Net 2,534,000 vs 1,695,000    Revs 98.8 mln vs 67.1 mln    Avg shrs 8,447,000 vs 6,563,000    NOTE: full name of company is harman internationalindustries inc. Reuter
Finance ministers from major industrialnations should hold a special meeting to deal with the U.S.Dollar's sharp decline, Helmut Geiger, president of the WestGerman savings bank association, said.    Geiger told Reuters: "Finance ministers should meet soon totake confidence-building measures to limit the damage caused bythe dollar's fall."    Separately, Geiger told Bild newspaper in an interviewreleased ahead of publication on Tuesday that the lower dollar,which had been artificially talked down by U.S. officials,would damage West German exports and cost jobs. Reuter
First Boston Inc said it is conducting astrategic review of its operations as part of a general policyto periodically evaluate its business plans.    The company said it is too early to predict the outcome ofthe review, although it does not expect radical changes in itsorganization.    Salomon Inc &lt;SB> last week completed a strategic reviewthat resulted in substantial layoffs.    Other brokerage firms are either engaged in reviews or havemade major personnel cutbacks. Reuter

Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior    Pay January Seven    Record December 17 Reuter
Elias Zinn, chairman and chief executiveof Entertainment Marketing Inc, said he planned to personallypurchase up to 500,000 shares of Entertaiment Marketing commonstock from time to time in the open market.    Zinn said his purchases would be subject to availabilityand acceptable price levels. Reuter
Shr 25 cts    Net 3,081,000 vs 2,063,000    Nine months    Shr 86 cts    Net 10.5 mln vs 6,966,000    Assets 1.43 billion vs 1.30 billion    Deposits 912.5 mln vs 875.8 mln    NOTE: Company converted to a stock savings bank on Aug 13,1986.    1986 results include operations of Realtech Realtors, whichwas acquired in 1986.    1987 results include operations of Burgdorff Realtors,acquired in December 1986; Cornerstone Mortgage Co, acquired inJuly 1987; Centerbank Mortgage Co, acquired in July 1987; andCenter Capital Corp, formed in August 1987. Reuter
Roto-Rooter Inc said it expectsfourth quarter profits to exceed the 22 cts a share reportedfor the final quarter of 1986 and the 23 cts earned in 1987'sthird quarter.    It reported the third quarter profit was up  pct from the20 cts a share earned during the quarter in 1986. Nine monthprofits were up 23 pct to 64 cts a share from 52 cts last year. Reuter
CalMat Co said it filed suit in LosAngeles Superior Court against Industrial Equity (Pacific) Ltd,against certain of its affiliates and against Ronald Langley,president of Industrial Equity's North American operations.    The company said its sut charges that Langleymissapropriated material non-public information acquired in hiscapacity as a CalMat director and used the information for thebenefit of Industrial Equity.    According to its more recent amendment to its Schedule 13D,Industrial Equity owned about 19.17 pct of CalMat's stock atOctober 14, CalMat said.    It said Industrial has also stated that it intends topursue a possible business combination in the near future. Reuter
President Reagan said the CommerceDepartment should be vigilant in preventing the flow ofstrategic technology from reaching the the Soviet Union andother communist countries.    He was speaking at the swearing in of C. William Verity asSecretary of the Commerce Department.    Verity said the U.S. should make certain that militarilysensitive high technology does not wind up in communistnations. But he also said the U.S. must reduce the list ofproducts of a nontechnological nature, thereby allowingmanufacturers to increase exports and jobs. Reuter
Shr 36 cts vs 27 cts    Net 4,538,000 vs 3,160,000    Sales 41.8 mln vs 32.8 mln    Avg shrs 12.6 mln vs 11.9 mln Reuter
Whirlpool Corp said it namedDavid Whitwam to the additional position of chairman, effectiveDecember One, replacing Jack Sparks, who retires November 30.    It said Whitwam was elected president and chief executiveofficer effective July One.    Sparks will continue to serve on Whirlpool's board ofdirectors as chairman of the finance committee. Reuter
Oper shr profit 13 cts vs nil    Oper net profit 612,806 vs profit 2,363    Sales 8,317,933 vs 2,823,243    Nine mths    Oper shr profit 32 cts vs loss four cts    Oper net profit 1,464,338 vs loss 161,315    Sales 20.3 mln vs 8,241,463    NOTE: 1987 earnings exclude gains from utilization of taxloss carryforwards of 321,980 dlrs, or seven cts a share in thequarter and 772,285 dlrs, or 17 cts a share for the nine months Reuter
Seeq Technology Corp andNational Semiconductor Corp said they signed a four-yearexclusive technology licensing and manufacturing agreement.    The agreement allows the two companies to share technologyand marketing rights to Seeq's 512-kilobit and one-megabitsemiconductors and for National Semiconductor's 256-Kb FLASHEEPROMs, the companies said.    Financial terms of the arrangement were not disclosed. Reuter
Shr 1.32 dlrs vs 1.59 dlrs    Net 1,217,649 vs 1,471,824    Total income 1,896,018 vs 2,278,642    Nine mths    Shr 4.92 dlrs vs 5.38 dlrs    Net 4,553,380 vs 4,979,626    Total income 6,918,266 vs 8,134,313 Reuter
Shr 44 cts vs 30 cts    Net 4,057,000 vs 2,716,000    Sales 49.5 mln vs 29.6 mln    Six Mths    Shr six cts vs 55 cts    Net 518,000 vs 5,167,000    Sales 89.7 mln vs 54.9 mln Reuter
Shr five cts vs seven cts    Net 64,652 vs 96,157    Sales 1,205,321 vs 1,499,591    NOTE: Backlog three mln dlrs vs 2,600,000 as of June 30,1987. Reuter
Durakon Industries Inc said it hasentered into a definitive agreement to acquire DFM Corp, amaker of bug and gravel protective shields for trucks and cars,for an undisclosed amount of cash and debentures, retroactiveto September One. Reuter
Atlantis Group Inc said it bought100,000 shares of Charter-Crellin Inc common stock, or 6.3 pctof the total outstanding, and may seek control in a negotiatedtransaction.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Atlantis said it has informally discussed a businesscombination with Charter-Crellin management.    But the company said it has not held negotiations withCharter-Crellin and does not intend to initiate furtherdiscussions.    Pending development of specific proposals, Atlantis said itwill continue to purchase additional Charter-Crellin shares inprivate or open market transactions depending on a range offactors including the market price of the stock.    Atlantis said it bought its Charter-Crellin common stock inopen market transactions between September 22 and October 7 at14.91 dlrs to 15.62 dlrs a share, or for a total of about 1.51mln dlrs. Reuter
Allwaste Inc said it has agreed inprinciple to acquire a privately-held firm that performsinterior cleaning services for tank-trailers for 1,300,000common shares.    It said the firm, which it did not name, earned about1,500,000 dlrs pretax for the first nine mons of 1987.    The company said closing is expected by October 31. Reuter
Shr 18 cts vs 27 cts    Net 444,387 vs 676,593    Revs 549,437 vs 764,901    Nine mths    Shr 67 cts vs 81 cts    Net 1,690,670 vs 2,031,937    Revs 1,986,938 vs 2,302,278    NOTE: Full name is Travelers Real Estate Investment Trust Reuter
Safeguard Health Enterprises Incsaid its board authorized management to step up its stockrepurchase program by doubling the repurchase ceiling to 1.6mln shares.    The company also said it has already purchased 691,000shares through September 30 under the previous authorization tobuy 800,000 shares, or 10 pct of the stock then outstanding. Reuter
Shr 40 cts vs 33 cts    Net 32.6 mln vs 26.7 mln    Revs 406.5 mln vs 370.1 mln    Nine months    Shr 1.44 dlrs vs 1.20 dls    Net 117.8 mln vs 97.5 mln    Revs 1.2 billion vs 1.1 billion Reuter
Shr 11 cts vs five cts    Net 806,000 vs 384,000    Revs 18.0 mln vs 15.6 mln    Nine Mths    Shr 28 cts vs 17 cts    Net 2,105,000 vs 1,320,000    Revs 51.9 mln vs 46.1 mln    Note: Full name Safeguard Health Enterprises Inc. Reuter
Henley Group Inc said it endedtalks with Sante Fe Southern Pacific Corp concerning thepossible acquisition of Sante Fe's Southern PacificTransportation Co subsidiary.    The company also said it is reviewing its investment inSanta Fe Southern Pacific in light of Sante Fe's announcementthat it recieved several bids ranging from 750 mln dlrs to morethan one billion dlrs for its Southern Pafific Transportationsubsidiary.       Henley said it held discussions with Sante Fe concerningthe acquisition by Henley of Bankers Leasing and Financial Corpand certain Sante Fe transportation and real estate assets.    Henley said it began talks with Sante Fe after it announcedits restructuring program in August 1987.    As previously disclosed, Henley made necessary filingsunder the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvement Acts topermit Henley to increase its investment in Sante Fe to 24.9pct of the outstanding common stock from 5.03 pct.       Henley said that depending on prevailing conditions,including price and availability of Sante Fe stock, substantialdevelopments affecting Sante Fe, other investment and businessopportunities available to Henley, Henley may additional SanteFe shares, or sell all or part of its investment in Sante Fe. Reuter
Shr loss 39 cts vs profit 44 cts    Net loss 2,169,000 vs profit 2,417,000    Nine Mths    Shr profit 56 cts vs profit 1.68 dlrs    Net profit 3,111,000 vs profit 9,317,000    Note: Full name Mercury Savings and Loan Association' Reuter
Carmike Cinemas Inc said it hasopened a six-screen theter called Carmike Six in Milledgeville,Ga. Reuter
Shr 45 cts vs 36 cts    Net 2,554,000 vs 1,954,000    Revs 44.4 mln vs 32.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.00 dlrs vs 75 cts    Net 5,461,000 vs 3,756,000    Revs 109.5 mln vs 89.9 mln Reuter
Texas American Bancshares Incsaid it agreed to sell its Texas American Bank/Levelland unitto &lt;First American Bancorp Inc> for about 12 mln dlrs in cash.    Texas American said regulatory approval ofthe transactionis expected in December, and the sale will close shortlythereafter.    Once the sale is completed, the unit's name will change toFirst American Bank of Texas. The unit reported total assets of196.7 mln dlrs on Juen 30, 1987. Reuter
Supermarkets General Corp said itagreed to sell 11 super drug stores to &lt;F and M Distributors>.    The nine existing and two unopened stores are located inMaryland, Virginia and upstate New York and are operated underthe Pathmark Super Drug trade name, the company said.    Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.    The nine existing stores generated approximately 34.8 mlndlrs of Supermarkets General's total sales of 2.9 billionduring the six-month period ended Aug One, 1987.    F and M Distributors operates 42 discount drug stores inMichigan, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana and Wisconsin. Reuter
Travelers Real Estate Investment Trust    Qtly div 17 cts vs 23 cts in prior qtr    Payable November 25    Record October 30    It said the lower dividend reflects the reduction in cashflow from a mortgage secured by a motel in Covington, La.    The trust said an appraisal is being made of the Covingtonproperty to determine whether an increase in loss reserve willbe required at year end.       Travelers REIT said its investment adviser, Keystone RealtyAdvisers has committed to lend the trust up to 500,000 dlrs fora term of two years to cover past due payables and capitalimprovements on the Covington motel.    Keystone Realty is an affiliate of the Keystone Group, aTraverlers Corp &lt;TIC> subsidiary. Reuter
Shr 31 cts vs nine cts    Net 1,345,000 vs 368,000    Revs 31.9 mln vs 26.4 mln    Nine mths    Shr 91 cts vs 40 cts    Net 3,890,000 vs 3,556,000    Revs 89.3 mln vs 71.7 mln    NOTE: 1986 qtr and nine mths include loss 831,000 dlrs, or19 cts per share, and loss 1,872,000 dlrs, or 44 cts per share,respectively, from discontinued operations. Reuter
King World Productions Inc said itssyndicated television series "The Oprah Winfrey Show" has beenextended through the 1989-90 broadcast season.    It said six of the top 10 markets have renewed the seriesthrough the end of the decade. Reuter
Shr 44 cts vs 71 cts    Net 14.8 mln vs 21.1 mln    Revs 628.6 mln vs 605.6 mln    Avg shrs 30,743,000 vs 26,969,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.01 dlrs vs 1.93 dlrs    Net 65.0 mln vs 57.4 mln    Revs 1.89 billion vs 1.81 billion    Avg shrs 30,782,000 vs 26,619,000 Reuter

Countrywide Credit Industries Inc saidit expects fiscal third quarter earnings of 20 or 21 cents perfully diluted share, based on 18 mln shares outstanding.    The company posted net income of 31 cents per fully dilutedshare in the previous third quarter ended November 30 lastyear, based on 12 mln shares outstanding.    Angelo Mozilo, vice chairman and executive vice president,also told security analysts that that company should have atotal loan servicing portfolio of 11 billion or 12 billion dlrsby the end of the current fiscal year, in February 1988.    Countrywide Credit, a financial service company primarilyinvolved in mortgage banking, reported 4.5 billion dlrs in itsloan servicing portfolio for the last fiscal year.    In addition, Mozilo said the company was continuing toreduce expenses by one mln dlrs a month and should bring totalcosts down by three mln dlrs at the end of the quarter.    He said about 55 pct of the cost cuts were in personnel,and that the company had reduced the number of its officesnationwide by 11 in recent months. Reuter
&#2;VENEZUELA SAYS OPEC OIL OUTPUT 0VER 18 MLN BPD CARACAS, Oct 19- The current OPEC oil production is above 18 mln barrels perday (bpd) and this level threatens the precarious equilibriumof the of oil market, Venezuelan Energy and Mines MinisterArturo Hernandez Grisanti said on Monday.    He told reporters three or four countries out of OPEC's 13members were mainly responsible for the overproduction, butdeclined to identify them.     OPEC's production ceiling for the second half of 1987 is16.6 mln bpd. The Venezuelan minister said OPEC's productionreached a peak this year when it went over 19 mln bpd inAugust.    Hernandez Grisanti, together with the oil ministers ofNigeria and Indonesia, met the heads of state of six MideastGulf countries earlier this month to urge OPEC members tocomply with assigned production quotas.    He said some of the countries which were complying asVenezuela, Indonesia, Libya, Algeria, Ecuador, Saudi Arabia andIran.    Hernandez declined to say whether the three or fourcountries he said were overproducing bordered the Mideast Gulf. REUTER&#3;

Dynascan Corp said it completed the saleof its industrial electronic products group and expects to recognize about a 3.0 mln dlr pretax gain on the transaction inthe fourth quarter.    It said the group was sold October 15 for 13.5 mln dlrs toMaxtec International Corp, a privately held company created bythe company's management team.    It said the purchase price was 12 mln dlrs in cash and 1.5mln dlrs in five-year notes plus warrants to buy 7.0 pct of thestock of Maxtec.    Dynascan said the group was projected to provide about 12pct of its consolidated sales in 1987. Reuter

Qtly div 8-1/2 cts vs 8-1/2 cts prior    Pay Nov 13    Record Oct 30 Reuter


Spanish property firm &lt;Renta InmobiliariaSA> is negotiating to buy the property assets of U.S. mediacompany Cannon Group Inc &lt;CAN>, Renta's finance director JoseLuis Sanchez said.    Sanchez told Reuters that Renta's chairman Juan AntonioRobles was currently in the U.S. to negotiate the deal butdeclined to give other details.    Interpart, a Luxembourg-based holding company chaired byItalian financier Giancarlo Paretti, payed around 12.2 billionpesetas in July to acquire a 63.5 pct stake in RentaInmobiliaria.    The Spanish daily newspaper El Pais said the Cannonproperty assets sought by Renta included the Elstree filmstudios in Britain and a chain of movie-theaters in Europe andthe U.S.    Reuter
Stop and Shop Cos Inc said its board hasauthorized the repurchase of up to five pct of its commonshares from time to time at prevailing market prices. Reuter
Citgo Petroleum Corp, a subsidiary ofSouthland Corp, said it raised the contract price it will payfor all grades of crude oil by 50 cts a barrel, effective Oct16    The increase brings Citgo's postings for the West TexasIntermediate and West Texas Sour grades to 19.00 dlrs/barrel,while Light Louisiana SWeet is now priced at 19.35 dlrs.    Citgo last changed it crude oil postings on Sept 9. Reuter

Thermascan Inc said the U.S. Food andDrug Administration has approved clinical trials of a new,advanced AIDS confirmation test developed by the company.    Thermascan said that about 10,000 trials will be taken onthe the new test, called Fluorognost in the next three monthsthrough blood banks, hospitals and health centers as well as byindividual physicians.    The trials will be conducted in New York at the Beth IsraelMedical Centre, the Sacremento Medical foundation Blood Center,the Karolinska Institute, Stockholm, and the Institute ofHygiene at the University of Innspruck. Reuter
Gottschalks Inc said its boardauthorized management to purchase up to 300,000 of thecompany's outstanding shares, or about 3.5 pct of the stockoutstanding, because the company believes its shares arecurrently undervalued.    It said the purchases will be made from time to time on theopen market. Reuter
A shareholder group including FarHills, N.J. attorney Natalie Koether said it reduced its stakein CCX Inc common stock to 10,000 shares, or less than one pctof the company's common stock outstanding, from a previousstake of about ten pct.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,the group said it sold 380,000 CCX common shares on October 15at four dlrs a share.    The group gave no reason for the sales. Reuter
Leisure and Technology In is raising40 mln dlrs through an offering of notes due 1999, said solemanager Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.    The notes have a 15-3/4 pct coupon and were priced at par.    Non-callable for three years and non-refundable for fiveyears, the issue is rated B-2 by Moody's Investors Service Incand B by Standard and Poor's Corp. Reuter
Orion Capital Corp said it acquired163,000 shares of Twin Disc Inc common stock, or 5.2 pct of thecompany's common stock outstanding.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Orion Capital said the stock represents "a favorable investmentopportunity at current market prices."    In open market transactions between August 21 and October16, an Orion Capital subsidiary bought 56,200 Twin Disc commonshares at 21.06 dlrs to 22.43 dlrs a share. The entire 5.2 pctstake was purchased at a cost of 3.2 mln dlrs, Orion Capitaltold the SEC.     Reuter
Mobil Corp's Mobile Chemical Co said itis expanding its plastic grocery sack production by 20 pct withtwo new manufacturing lines at its Temple, Texas, plant.    Mobil said the new lines will begin operation next year.    A spokesman said no information on cost or capacity of theequipment is available. Reuter
Quantum Corp said it agreed tosettle a suit which charged NEC Corp and its NEC InformationSystems Inc subsidiary with infringing on a Quantum patent fora disk drive architecture.    The company said the settlement agreement calls for NEC andNEC Information to pay a total of 2,975,000 dlrs.    It said the arrangement follows a recent court order thatgranted Quantum's motion for summary judgment and ruled thatNEC infringed on the Quantum patent. Reuter
Venezuelan Energy Minister ArturoHernandez Grisanti said he foresaw market stability in theprice of crude, despite growing tension in the Gulf augmentedby the U.S. military attack on an Iranian oil platform.    He told a news conference the market continues to be stabledespite all the military action in the Gulf. Reuter
Net 13,185,000 vs 6,715,000    Nine mths    Net 26.2 mln vs 15.3 mln    NOTE: Company is owned by a consortium of European banks. Reuter
Northeast Savings F.A. said itsboard adopted a shareholder rights plan designed to protect thecompany from coercive takeover tactics and bids not fair to allsharholders.    Under the plan, the board declared a dividend of one sharepurchase right for each of the Northeast common shares held ofrecord as of November two, the company said.    Initially, the rights are not exerciseable, rightscertificates are not distributed, and the rights automaticallytrade with Northeast's shares, the company said.    However, 20 days following the acquisition of 20 pct ormore of Northeast's common shares shares or 20 days followingthe commencement of a tender offer for 30 pct or more ofNortheast's shares, the rights will become exerciseable andseparate rights certificates will be distributed, the companysaid.    The rights will entitle holders of Northeast's commonshares to purchase additional shares at an exercise price of 60dlrs a share, the company said.    The company said that in the event of certain triggeringevents described in the rights plan, holders of the rights,other than an acquiring person, will be entitled to acquireNortheast's common shares having a market value of twice thethen-current exercise price of the rights. Also, in the eventNortheast enters into certain business combinationtransactions, holders of the rights will be provided a right toacquire equity securities of the acquiring entity having amarket value of twice the then-current exercise price of therights, the company said. Northeast said it will be entitled toredeem the rights at one cent per right until the occurence ofcertain events. Reuter
United States Oil Co said Dr. V. diGuevara Suardo Fabbri was appointed president and chiefexeuctive, effective October 31, replacing William Rueckert,who will resign on that date.    Rueckert told Reuters he resigned to puruse other businessactivities.    Last November, Fabbri bought a controlling interest in thecompany and has since brought in his own management.    The company said that three new directors have been electedand that one present director resigned effective October 16. Reuter
The U.S. is drafting options includingpossible trade retaliation against Argentina in a dispute overthe differential between soybean and product  taxes whichBuenos Aires levies on exports.    The drafting of retaliation options follows the failureof high-level talks earlier this month to resolve a case filedby the U.S. National Soybean Processors Association, U.S.officials said. The NSPA charged that Argentina's differentialexport taxes implicitly subsidize soyproduct exports incompetition with the U.S.    "Our only option is some sort of retaliation to restrict(Argentine) access to our market," said one U.S. source.       The U.S. shelved the NSPA case earlier this year afterTrade Representative Clayton Yeutter said Argentina agreed toend the differential.    But when Argentina announced export taxes for the 1987/88year in July, the differential was narrowed only one pct.    Deputy trade representative Michael Smith met Agricultureminister Ernesto Figuerras and Economy minister Juan Sourroilleon September 29 and the Argentine officials said they could notnarrow the differential further for 1987/88.    As a result of the impasse, the U.S. is consideringrestrictions on imports of items such as Argentine corned beefand finished leather, the U.S. sources said.    A decision on reprisals is likely to be made by the Reaganadministration soon, they said. Reuter
Shr 17 cts vs 13 cts     Net 2.1 mln vs 1.03 mln     Revs 15.6 mln vs 12 mln     Nine mths     Shr 58 cts vs 37 cts     Net 6.9 mln vs 3.7 mln     Revs 56.2 mln vs 27.5 mln     Avg shrs 11.9 mln vs 10.0 mln Reuter
&#2;NATIONAL GUARDIAN &lt;NATG.O> ACQUIRES ALARM FIRM    GREENWICH, Conn., National Guardian Corp said it acquiredPacific Fire Extinguisher Co, which specializes in installationof fire and burglar alarms.    The operations acquired in the transaction have totalrevenues in excess of 2.3 mln dlrs, the company said.    In a separate announcement, the company said it expects torecord revenues of approximately 150 mln dlrs for 1987.    For 1986, the company had revenues of 98.3 mln dlrs.    National Guardian's revenues for the first six months of1987 were approximately 72 mln dlrs, compared to about 42 mlndlrs the year-ago period. Reuter&#3;
Rexon Inc said its boardauthorized management to buy back up to 15 mln dlrs worth ofthe company's common shares because the company believes thatthe stock is an attractive investment at this time.    The stock would be used to offset the potentially dilutiveeffects of options exercises and of other shares which might beissued in the future, Rexon said. Reuter
Qtly div 17 cts vs 17 cts prior    Pay Dec 10    Record Nov 15  Reuter
Qtly div 11 cts vs 11 cts prior    Pay Jan Six    Record Dec 16  Reuter
Qtly div 57-1/2 cts vs 57-1/2 cts prior    Pay Nov 15    Record Oct 30 Reuter
Qtly div 17 cts vs 17 cts prior    Pay Jan 15    Record Dec 11 Reuter
Qtly div 20 cts vs 20 cts prior    Pay Dec Four    Record Nov 16 Reuter
Coastal Corp said it authorized thepurchase of up to one mln shares of the company's common stock.    Coastal said the purchases were authorized because itbelieves the current market price of the stock is substantiallyless than the underlying value of the shares.    Coastal has 46.4 mln shares of common stock outstanding.    The company said the repurchases would not affect thecompany's ability to pay down 300 mln dlrs in outstanding debtand preferred stock by year-end. Reuter
SmithKline Beckman Corp said itopened an 8.5 mln dlr pharmaceutical manufacturing plant inTianjin, China.    The plant will make pharmaceutical products for the jointventure company, Tianjin Smith Kline and French Laboratories.    SmithKline said the joint venture combines Smith Kline andFrench Laboratories, the pharmaceutical unit of SmithKlineBeckman, the &lt;Tianjin Medical Co>, and &lt;Hebel Chemical Plant>in Tianjin.    The plant has the capability to produce one billion tabletsand 200 mln capsules a year. Reuter

Qtly div 24 cts vs 28 cts in prior qtr    Payable November 25    Record Oct 30    NOTE: Full name is Travelers Realty Income Investors. Itsaid the lower dividend reflects the reduction in cash flowfrom a mortgage secured by a motel in Slicell, La. Reuter
CCR Video Corp said it has receivedan offer to enter into negotiations for &lt;Intercep InvestmentCorp> to acquire a controlling interest through a tender offer.    The company said "The negotiations would determine theterms under which the CCR board of directors could support theINTERCEP tender offer."    It gave no further details. Reuter
Shr 25 cts vs 25 cts prior qtr    Pay November 13    Record October 30 Reuter
Shr primary 1.15 dlrs vs 76 cts    Shr fully diluted 1.15 dlrs vs 76 cts    Net 40.8 mln vs 27.1 mln    Revs 369.6 mln vs 263.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr primary 2.95 dlrs vs 3.44 dlrs    Shr fully diluted 2.95 dlrs vs 3.33 dlrs    Net 103.8 mln vs 119.0 mln    Revs 1.06 billion vs 897.8 mln Reuter
Italy's overall balance of payments showed a919 billion lire surplus in September against a deficit of1,026 billion in August, provisional Bank of Italy figuresshowed.    The September surplus compared with a shortfall of 1,697billion lire in September 1986. For the first nine months of1987, the overall balance of payments showed a deficit of 1,921billion lire against a 1,725 billion deficit in the same 1986period.    The central bank said Italy's one billion dlr Eurobondlaunched last month contributed to September's surplus. REUTER
&lt;Willis Faber Plc> said its 20.8 pctholding in stockbrokers Morgan Grenfell Group Plc &lt;MGFL.L> wasnot up for sale.    The insurance broker issued a statement in reply to recentpress speculation which it said was in part "inaccurate andundesirable."    "Willis Faber has not received any offers for its stake inMorgan Grenfell," it said, adding that an offer would have to beconsidered on its merits.    "Willis Faber's stake in Morgan Grenfell has been a verysuccessful investment," it said. Reuter

The U.K. Government said it would seek thecompulsory winding up of James Tennant Commodities Ltd ongrounds of public interest and that details would be heard inthe High Court on November 18.    A Department of Trade and Industry spokesman said thatJames Tennant was relatively small and that its activities hadconcentrated on allowing investors to participate in pooledtrading schemes in commodity futures.    No application had been made for the appointment of aprovisional liquidator in the case, he added. Reuter
Shr 22 cts vs 57 cts    Net 504,808 vs 1,281,781    Revs 633,119 vs 1,396,703    Nine mths    Shr 87 cts vs 1.32 dlrs    Net 1,959,385 vs 2,986,379    Revs 2,342,322 vs 3,346,555    NOTE: Full name of trust is Travelers Realty IncomeInvestors Reuter
The African Development Bank plans toraise about 200 mln dlrs via a U.S. Domestic bond this year,Milan Kerno, vice president of finance said at a presentation.    He said the Bank planned to borrow about 700 mln dlrs inworld capital markets in 1987 and roughly the same amount in1988. Because of the weak condition of the euroyen market,plans for a bond in that sector, which would comprise part ofthe 700 mln dlrs,  have been put on hold, Kerno said.    "But we should complete our programme (this year), marketswilling," Kerno said, adding the Bank's 1987 borrowing so fartotaled about 400 mln dlrs.    The Bank's board of directors will meet on October 26 todiscuss plans to begin Bank trading in unspecified securities,with desks in Abidjan, Kerno said.    Trading would be conducted along similar lines as existingWorld Bank and Asian Development Bank operations, he said.    The Bank now has roughly 1.2 billion dlrs in availableliquidity to serve as a basis for trading, although not all ofthis will be traded at the start. The Bank plans to use thefunds gradually over the next three or four years, he said.    To facilitate lending increases the Bank tripled paid-incapital to about 18 billion dlrs from six billion in June.    German bankers at the presentation criticized the Bank forits overly conservative lending, adding the Bank would dobetter to invest more capital in loans. Total net equitycapital, consisting of subscribed capital and reserves, rose to1,282 pct of its funded debt in 1986 from 552 pct in 1985, theBank's statistics showed.    Other Bank figures from 1986 showed the InteramericanDevelopment Bank's net equity totaled 302 pct of funded debt,and the Asian Development Bank's 295 pct. Reuter
French finance minister Edouard Balladursaid the agenda of state privatisations may not be done at fullspeed if market conditions prove unsuitable.    "I'm not going to privatise at full speed if marketconditions do not permit. That would be absurd," he toldjournalists. "What we're going to do is adapt our program veryclosely to the evolution of our stock markets."    French stock prices fell more than 10 pct on Monday, a6-1/2 year record, as concern deepened that interest ratesworldwide would surge and choke off fragile economic growth,dealers said. Stock of several privatised firms fell belowtheir issue price. Reuter
Shr 75 cts vs 55 cts    Net 8,031,000 vs 5,819,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.16 dlrs vs 1.42 dlrs    Net 23.2 mln vs 15.1 mln    Assets 3.41 billion vs 2.84 billion    Deposits 2.54 billion vs 2.19 billion    NOTE: 1987 nine mths includes gain 1,008,000 dlrs, or ninects per share, from utilization of prior year's net operatingloss carryforwards.       NOTE: 1986 qtr and nine mths include loss 131,000 dlrs, orone cent per share, from unspecified extraordinary item.    1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 2,281,000 dlrs, or 22cts per share, and 6,393,000 dlrs, or 60 cts per share,respectively, from utilization of net operating losscarryforwards.    full name of company is society for savings bancorp inc. Reuter
Nomura Securities Co Ltd is seeking apossible business relationship with Kidder Peabody and Co Inc,said Setsuya Tabuchi, the chairman of the board of Nomura.    Tabuchi told an investment conference "at present thecompany's staff (of Nomura) has been studying the possiblity ofa joint buiness," he said.    Tabuchi said he has not been informed how far the study hasprogressed. He declined to elaborate further.    Kidder Peabody is a wholly-owned subsidiary of GeneralElectric &lt;GE>. Kidder officials were not immediately availablefor comment. Reuter
Shr 88 cts vs 73 cts    Net 2,580,000 vs 2,147,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.48 dlrs vs 2.33 dlrs    Net 7,266,000 vs 5,948,000 Reuter
Shr loss 12 cts vs profit two cts    Net loss 2,669,000 vs profit 528,000    Revs 79.8 mln vs 74.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr profit 64 cts vs profit 1.63 dlrs    Net profit 14.3 mln vs profit 35.7 mln    Revs 280.0 mln vs 288.8 mln Reuter
President Reagan and his advisersdiscussed the stock market fall at a previously scheduled"issues lunch" at the White House, officials said.    There was no formal comment on the market slide, but anofficial suggested that a comment might be forthcoming afterthe market closed.     Reagan made no mention of the stock market when he gave aglowing account of recent economic performance at the swearingin of C. William Verity as Commerce Secretary.    He said this month would set a record for the longestpeacetime expansion on record and added that leading indicatorshad sent a message of "steady as she goes."     Reuter
Banking Center said its boarddeclared an initial quarterly dividend of 20 cts per share,payable December 11, record October 30. Reuter
Shr 87 cts vs 84 cts    Net 418.6 mln vs 399.2 mln    Revs 3.12 billion vs 2.89 billion    Nine mths    Shr 2.61 dlrs vs 2.62 dlrs    Net 1.25 billion vs 1.23 billion    Revs 9.10 billion vs 8.62 billion    Avg shrs 481.4 mln vs 473.6 mln    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split inFebruary 1987. Reuter
Digital Communications AssociatesInc said it unveiled two new products that allow personalcomputers not directly attached to a mainframe computer tocommunicate with the host computer.    The IRMAremote for Hayes AutoSync, which will cost 395dlrs, is a software product that allows International BusinessMachines Corp &lt;IBM> personal computers to communicate with hostcomputers via dial-up telephone lines.    The IRMAremote X.25, costing 1,795 dlrs, uses hardware andsoftware and allows personal computers to communicate with hostcomputers via X.25 packet switching network. Reuter

Shr profit 55 cts vs loss 12 cts    Net profit 3,998,000 vs loss 915,000    Sales 93.8 mln vs 80.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr profit 1.71 dlrs vs profit 95 cts    Net profit 12,641,000 vs profit 7,282,000    Sales 260.9 mln vs 249 mln    Note: 1986 figures include a five mln dlr or 65 cts a sharecharge for electronics restructuring and 1.7 mln dlr chargefrom early retirement of 12 mln dlrs in long-term notes Reuter
Shr 2.17 dlrs vs 1.42 dlrs    Net 24,907,000 vs 16,117,000    Nine mths    Shr 4.05 dlrs vs 3.75 dlrs    Net 47,105,000 vs 42,874,000    Assets 9.66 billion vs 9.25 billion    Deposits 8.06 billion vs 7.80 billion    Loans 842.5 mln vs 711.1 mln Reuter
Shr 84 cts vs 86 cts    Net 3,893,000 vs 4,054,000    Revs 21.0 mln vs 21.2 mln    Nine Mths    Shr 1.88 dlrs vs 1.87 dlrs    Net 8,707,000 vs 8,848,000    Revs 57.9 mln vs 59.1 mln    NOTE: 1986 per share adjusted for three for two stock spliteffective June 1, 1987.    St. Joseph Light and Power Co is full name of company. Reuter
Yugoslav Prime Minister Branko Mikulic,unveiling a new draft economic program, said Yugoslavia wouldcut repayments on its almost 20 billion lr hard currency debtto bring them in line with its hard currency earning capacity.    "We have decided to coordinate repayment of our debt withrealistically assessed capabilities of our economy," he said inParliament. He said the current debt-service ratio (over 40 pctof export revenue) was too high.    Yugoslavia is to negotiate a long-term restructuring of itsdebt after missing repayments in recent months, Mikulic said.    "If we did not change the dynamics of repaying our debt, thesituation would become increasingly worse," Mikulic said.    He said on the present repayment schedule, Yugoslavia wouldhave a net outflow of two billion dlrs and the level of debtwould be halved by 1995. But he added:    "The consequences would not only mean slower economic growthin the coming years but also further exhaustion of the economyand lasting damage to the economy's capacity for development,"he said.    "All that would, of course, intensify social difficulties,"Mikulic added.    The state news agency Tanjug said on October 9 thatYugoslavia plans to adjust debt repayments over the next eightyears and to cut the debt-service ratio to 25 pct.    Yugoslavia failed to make a principal repayment due lastmonth which had already been postponed by 90 days.    Mikulic's proposed economic program, which also includeshigher personal taxes as well as wage and price restraint, isintended to serve as a basis for the debt talks to demonstrateYugoslavia's ability to eventually repay the credits.    His program has to be discussed and approved by parliamentby early November.    Mikulic said foreign debt should be retained at about thesame level as now until 1990 and the country should then beable to keep currency reserves equal to three months payments.    "Of course, these are our proposals for talks withcreditors. We expect understanding and support because it is intheir interest as well," Mikulic said.    He said that under the present schedule debt payments hadslowed economic development and exhausted currency reserves.Banking sources say Yugoslavia's reserves are inadequate atpresent for even one month's debt and import bill. REUTER
The New York Stock Exchange said it isconfident that its computer systems can handle the pace oftrading volume today.    "We are confident that whatever volume we have thisafternoon, we can handle it," said Richard Torrenzano, a vicepresident at the NYSE.    With two hours of trading left, a record 422 mln shareshave traded hands, far outpacing the volume on the market'sbusiet days. The previous busiest day was last Friday, when 338mln shares traded.    "Our systems have been tested and they can handle heavyvolume effectiviy and efficiently," Torrenzano said.    He said the Exchange has been in constant contact with theSecurities and Exchange Commission concerning today's recordbreaking decline and heavy volume. He declined to comment onthe context of those discussions.    Earlier today, SEC chairman David Ruder said a brieftrading halt has been discussed as one way of restoring orderto the market, but stressed he is not recommending one at thistime. He did not say if the option was discussed with the NYSE. Reuter
Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 67 cts    Shr diluted 1.01 dlrs vs 66 cts    Net 63.2 mln vs 40.5 mln    Sales 1.70 billion vs 1.43 billion    Nine mths    Shr 2.91 dlrs vs 2.88 dlrs    Shr diluted 2.85 dlrs vs 2.82 dlrs    Net 176.5 mln vs 172.7 mln    Sales 5.08 billion vs 4.49 billion    Avg shrs 60.3 mln vs 59.6 mln     Avg shrs diluted 62.0 mln vs 61.3 mln Reuter
Investor Donald Knutson said he fileda suit against First Northern Savings and Loan Association ofGreen Bay, stating his request of management for access toFirst Northern's stockholder lists had been denied.     Knutson owns about 9.9 pct of First Northern's outstandingstock. He said in his complaint he intends to use the list tocause a special meeting of First Northern's shareholders to beconvened to discuss his concerns over the lack of liquidity inthe trading market for the stock of First Northern and methodsof increasing the value of the shares. Reuter
Senate Democratic leader Robert Byrd,pointing to panic selling on Wall Street, urged PresidentReagan to join Congress in fighting trade and budget deficits.    "It is time the administration put policies ahead ofpolitics," Byrd said.    Byrd said the president needs "to begin working withCongress to reduce the double deficits in trade and the budgetthat cause such a cloud on this nation's future." Reuter
Head of the Chamber of Commerce's Moneyand Credit section, Hellmuth Klauhs, said the government shouldguarantee any company debts arising from the plannedrestructuring of the public sector.    Klauhs said that there was no doubt that the governmentwould meet its obligations. "But the owner should say thisclearly once again," he added.    Klauhs said 35 billion of 61 billion schillings owed byfirms under the state holding &lt;OesterreichischeIndustrieholding AG> (OIAG) currently had no formal stateguarantee. Nine of the 35 billion schillings were owed toforeign banks.    Klauhs, also managing director of &lt;GenossenschaftlicheZentralbank AG>, said banking industry officials would discussthe issue with finance minister Ferdinand Lacina next month.    Lacina said last week a special guarantee would beunnecessary, as state industry had the financial power andenough liquidity to pay its debts.    The government has said the latest injection of state fundsinto OIAG to cover losses will be the last.    Under a restructuring plan, OIAG is to create five newholding companies divided by sector. REUTER

French Finance Minister Edouard Balladursaid the Group of Seven (G-7) industrial countries shouldrespect pledges on monetary policy made in the February Louvreaccord on currency stability.    "We have to strengthen the cooperation between the sevenmajor industrial countries and remind ourselves of the pledgeswe made at the Louvre," he told journalists.    "They were not simply pledges to maintain currencystability, but also to conduct a certain type of economic andmonetary policy," he added. Reuter
Recent announcements from Moscow ofnext year's grain production targets indicate that the Sovietsare estimating this year's grain crop at 205 to 213 mln tonnes,Agriculture Department analysts said.    USDA is projecting the Soviet crop at 210 mln tonnes, butsome earlier estimates from Soviet officials were that the 1987grain crop could match the 1978 record of 237 mln tonnes.    Moscow outlined its economic targets for 1988 on Monday,putting the grain harvest goal at 235 mln tonnes. An analyst ofSoviet agriculture at USDA noted that a recent article inIzvestia said Soviet grain production in 1988 is planned to be"25 to 30 mln tonnes more than expected this year."    "This indicates that their own estimate is for a 205 to 213mln tonne (grain) crop," the analyst said.       In calculating Moscow's crop estimate, USDA used the 235mln tonne production goal, as well as a 238 mln tonne figurepublished in a Soviet economic journal this month.    USDA's production estimate of 210 mln tonnes reflects arange of 207 to 212 mln tonnes, a USDA source said.    Late season rains damaged Soviet crops, slowed harvestprogress and lowered Soviet production, analysts said.    While in the U.S. earlier this month, Soviet agricultureofficial Viktor Nikonov predicted that the grain crop would beas good or better than last year's 210 mln tonne harvest.    A member of Nikonov's party commented that although 230 mlntonnes of grain were in the fields, harvest problems wouldbring the final crop down to around 210 mln tonnes. Reuter


Global Motors Inc saidit has agreed to become become the exclusive North Americanimporter of the Lincan Gama, a four-wheel-drive sport vehiclemanufactured by &lt;P.T. Indauda> of Indonesia.    In a letter of intent it signed with P.T. Indauda, Globalsaid it expects to begin marketing the first Lincan Gamas inmid-1989, with 20,000 units projected to be marketed in thefirst year.    Global is the parent company of Yugo America Inc, importerof the Yugoslavian Yugo vehicle. Reuter

Federal Reserve Board Vice ChairmanManuel Johnson said the Louvre Accord is still healthy, butsaid the United States and West Germany must work outdifferences over their respective roles in fulfilling theaccord.    "The Louvre Accord has worked very well in terms ofstabilizing exchange rates," he said in response to a questionduring an American Stock Exchange conference here.    He said exchange rates have been stable so far in 1987 as aresult of the accord. Reuter
M.A. Hanna Co said it has reached definitive agreement to purchase PMS Consolidated, a privatelyowned manufacturer of colorants for the plastics industry.    M.A. Hanna said the purchase, which is subject to certainconditions, is scheduled to close around the end of October.Hanna announced last August that it was in negotiaitons topurchase the company.    Headquartered in Somerset, N.J., PMS reported over 70 mlndlrs in revenues in its last fiscal year, which ended May 1987. Reuter
Federal Reserve Board Vice-ChairmanManuel Johnson said the inflationary expectations in thefinancial markets have eased since the Fed's last half-pointincrease in its discount rate to 6.0 pct.    "We have seen the kind of expectational forces develop Ithink that we've been satisfied with since our last discountrate move," Johnson said.    Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan has said the most recentdiscount rate increase on September 4 was largely aimed atquelling inflationary fears in financial markets which he saidwere largely unfounded. Reuter
Ample supplies of OPEC crude weighing onworld markets helped limit and then reverse oil price gainsthat followed the U.S. Strike on an Iranian oil platform in theGulf earlier on Monday, analysts said.    December loading rose to 19.65 dlrs, up 45 cents beforefalling to around 19.05/15 later, unchanged from last Friday.    "Fundamentals are awful," said Philip Lambert, analyst withstockbrokers Kleinwort Grieveson, adding that total OPECproduction in the first week of October could be above 18.5 mlnbpd, little changed from September levels.    Peter Nicol, analyst at Chase Manhattan Bank, said OPECproduction could be about 18.5-19.0 mln in October. Reuter andInternational Energy Agency (IEA) estimates put OPEC Septemberproduction at 18.5 mln bpd.    The U.S. Attack was in retaliation of last Friday's hit ofa Kuwaiti oil products tanker flying the U.S. Flag, the SeaIsle City. It was struck by a missile, believed to be Iranian,in Kuwaiti waters, and was the first hit on a U.S. Flagcommercial vessel in the seven year Iran/Iraq war.    The U.S. Owned Liberian flag tanker Sungari was hit in thearea on Thursday, also believed struck by an Iranian missile.    Refiners were not significant purchasers of physical oil onMonday as a result increased Gulf tension following the U.S.Attack, analysts said.    They said a closure of the Strait of Hormuz, through whicharound eight mln bpd passes, isnlikely because it is not inthe interests of the U.S. Or Iran, they said.    Any threat to oil supplies would stem from an increase inthe number of tanker attacks as part of a widening of Gulfhostilities, analysts said.    But they saw the U.S. Strike as a limited reply to Iranianmissile attacks, with some describing it as responsible.    Geoffrey Pyne, analyst at stockbrokers Phillips and Drew,said he was impressed by the sensible U.S. Response.    "The U.S. Has thought carefully about what would correspondto Iranian agression. They have proved to the Iranians that anyfurther action will be met with a like-for-like response.Today's action by the U.S. Was not escalatory," Pyne said.    Kleinwort Grieveson's Lambert said the U.S. Strike was "aresponsible retaliation," with the U.S. Apparently indicating toIran that it could increase the severity of its attacksf Iranchose to raise the level of conflict.    Chase Manhattan's Nicol took a different view, however.    He said he was unable to see what the U.S. Had achieved asArab states such as Kuwait and Saudi Arabia, whose intereststhe U.S. Is supposedly defending, will feel less secure as aresult of the U.S. Attack and fear some sort of Iranianretaliation.    The initial upward market move this morning reflected astrong speculative reaction to rumours of a U.S. Attack whichwas thought at one stage to have been against Iranian missilelaunchers on the Faw Peninsula, close to Kuwait, analysts said.    The later downtrend followed confirmation of a U.S. Navyattack on an Iranian oil platform by the U.S. Defence SecretaryCaspar Weinburger.    Market operators were able to evaluate the situation in theGulf on the basis of confirmed fact, and finding it lessserious than first thought, took profits, taking prices lower,analysts and traders said. REUTER
June 30 end    Shr 0.3 ct vs four cts    Net 18,463 vs 174,486    Revs 5,074,686 vs 4,181,978    Avg shrs 5,624,041 vs 4,860,000 Reuter
Communications and CableInc said it acquired about 21 pct of the outstanding shares ofImnet Corp, a privately owned company that designs, makes andservices proprietary image storage and retrieval systems. Termswere not disclosed. Reuter
Baltek Corp said it has acquireda shrimp packing plant in Ecuador for undisclosed terms.    The company said the acquisition will result in a triplingof its Ecuadorian shrimp sales to about three mln poundsannually by 1988. Reuter
Shr nine cts vs six cts    Net 242,000 vs 135,000    Sales 4,003,000 vs 2,968,000    Six Mths    Shr 17 cts vs 14 cts    Net 414,000 vs 297,000    Sales 7,54,000 vs 5,912,000    Avg shrs 2.4 mln vs 2.1 mln    NOTE: 1986 net includes tax credits equal to one cent inthe quarter and two cts in the six months. Reuter
Shr 42 cts vs 32 cts    Net 1,076,572 vs 826,939    Sales 20.5 mln vs 12.5 mln    NOTE: Company released results in connection with filingfor Class A common stock offering. Reuter
Enseco Inc said it has received4,600,000 dlrs in contract from the U.S. EnvironmentalProtection Agency to test samples in support of the Superfundprogram over a 30-month period and to perform specialanalytical services. Reuter
French Finance Minister Edouard Balladursaid the Group of Seven (G-7) industrial countries shouldrespect pledges on monetary policy made in the February Louvreaccord on currency stability.    "We have to strengthen the cooperation between the sevenmajor industrial countries and remind ourselves of the pledgeswe made at the Louvre," he told journalists.    "They were not simply pledges to maintain currencystability, but also to conduct a certain type of economic andmonetary policy," he added.    Balladur's comments came after U.S. Treasury SecretaryJames Baker said on Sunday that the U.S. Would have tore-examine the Louvre accords in the light of the rise in WestGerman short-term interest rates.    Balladur was one of the main architects of the Louvreaccord and has invested considerable political capital indefending them. REUTER

BancTEXAS Group Inc said it has signed adefinitive agreement to sell its BancTEXAS Sulphur Springsaffiliate to a group of local investors led by Gene Watson fora cash amount equal to book value at the time of the sale,subject to regulatory approvals.    The unit had assets of 18.2 mln dlrs as of September 30.    BancTEXAS said it plans to concentrate on its primarymarket, the Dallas area. Reuter
TRW Inc's Federal Systems Group saidit received 36.7 mln dlrs in U.S. Navy contracts to begin asystem upgrade of its anti-submarine warfare operations centerfor the Space and Naval Warfare Systems command.    The award is the start of a seven-year full-scaleengineering development effort with a potential value of 90 mlndlrs, the company said. In subsequent phases, TRW said it willdeliver, install, test and support the new system at five Navysites.    The anti-submarine warfare operations center interacts withmultiple aircraft, command centers and support systems. Reuter
Oper shr 17 cts vs not available    Oper net 1,619,000 vs 6,354,000    Nine Mths    Oper shr 80 cts vs not available    Oper net 7,675,000 vs 22,669,000    Assets 6.06 billion vs 5.74 billion    Loans 3.11 billion vs 3.33 billion    Deposits 4.57 billion vs 4.83 billion       NOTE: 1987 operating net excludes tax credits of 3.9 mlndlrs or 40 cts a share in the quarter and 8.1 mln dlrs or 85cts in the nine months period.    1986 nine months operating net excludes prepaymentpenalties on early retirement of loans of 736,000 dlrs.    Talman Home Federal Savings and Loan Association, Chicagois full name of company. Reuter
Allwaste Inc said it entered into anagreement in principle to buy Tank Cleaning Co, aprivately-held company that cleans tank trailers, in exchangefor about 1.3 mln shares or Allwaste common.    Allwaste said that Tank Cleaning earned about one mln dlrsbefore taxes last year and had about 1.5 mln dlrs in pre-taxincome for the nine months ended September 30. Reuter
Geac Computer Corp Ltd said the SupremeCourt of Ontario has signed an order approving the company'sproposal for repayment of its creditors and releasing thecompany from receivership.    Reuter
Caterpillar Inc said it expects 1987full year sales and profits to be "substantially better" than1986 results, following improved third-quarter performance.    Third-quarter earnings of the heavy machinery manufacturerincreased to 146 mln dlrs, or 1.47 dlrs a share, from net lossof 26 mln dlrs, or 26 cts, in the 1986 quarter. Sales rose to2.25 billion dlrs from 1.82 billion dlrs last year.    A weaker U.S. dollar strengthened Caterpillar's positionagainst foreign manufacturers and permitted price increases andboosted sales, while a cost-cutting program lowered costssignificantly, the company said of third-quarter results.       Continuation of the cost-reduction program, which is topare costs by 15 to 20 pct from 1986 to 1990, and a furtheranticipated improvement in its price competitiveness areexpected to contribute to higher full year 1987 profits,Caterpillar said.    In 1986, the company earned 76 mln dlrs or 77 cents ashare. Reuter
Shr loss 1.39 dlrs vs profit 1.20 dlrs    Net loss 5,306,000 vs profit 7,246,000    Six mths    Shr loss 18 cts profit 2.23 dlrs    Net profit 3,259,000 vs profit 14.2 mln    Assets 6.79 billion vs 5.42 billion    Deposits 3.99 billion vs 3.38 billion    Loans 4.92 billion vs 4.53 billion    NOTE: 1987 six mths per share includes preferred stockdividend payments. Reuter
LSI Logic Corp said it hasdeveloped a semi-custom microchip that is twice as dense as themost complex chip now available.    The new microchip, LCA 100K Compacted Array Plus, has100,000 usable gate arrays, or the equivalent of 400,000transistors for designing custom chips, the company said.    Production of the new chip will begin in about 15 months,said LSI Chairman Wilfred Corrigan.    The microchip can be used in products including computers,telecommunications and military equipment, allowing them tooperate faster with improved reliability, the company said.    "This technology will pave the way for new uses inartificial intelligence, speech recognition and speechsynthesis, as well as digital signal processing and imageprocessing," Corrigan said. He also predicted the microchipwill add about five pct to the company's revenues next year.    Analyst Millard Phelps of Hambrecht and Quist Inc said heexpects LSI to finish its 1987 fiscal year with per shareearnings of 24 cts, on sales of 252 mln dlrs. He put 1988earnings at 60 cts per share on 330 mln dlrs in sales.   In the nine months ended Sept 27, LSI had earnings of 14 ctsper share, or 5,560,000 dlrs, on 183.9 mln dlrs in sales. Reuter
Shr 30 cts vs 30 cts    Net 1,804,000 vs 1,800,000    Nine mths    Shr 89 cts vs 79 cts    Net 5,334,000 vs 4,496,000 Reuter
Iran said several people were injured inMonday's U.S. Attack on an Iranian offshore oil site and vowedretaliation, Tehran radio reported.    It quoted President Ali Khamenei as saying, "We willdefinitely retaliate and will not leave this American moveunanswered."    A broadcast monitored in Nicosia said several civilianpersonnel on the Rashadat oil platforms in the Gulf east ofQatar were injured when U.S. Warships bombarded them thisafternoon. It described damage as "severe."    Washington said four American frigates shelled anddestroyed two Iranian platforms at the Rashadat (formerlyRostam) field at 1100 GMT on Monday in response to Friday'smissile attack on a U.S.-flag ship in Kuwaiti waters.    The U.S. Said Iranians used the platforms for militarypruposes and had fired on an American helicopter from the rigsearlier this month.    Khamenei denied that the platforms had military gear orpersonnel and said the U.S. Attack lacked miltary value.    "With this move Mr. Reagan has committed a big mistake andhas definitely increased his problems... REUTER
Chesapeake and Potomac Telephone Co ofMaryland, a unit of Bell Atlantic Corp, is raising 100 mln dlrsvia an offering of notes due 1992 with a 10-1/4 pct coupon andpar pricing, said lead underwriter Morgan Stanley.    That is 46 basis points more than the yield of comparableTreasury securities.    Non-callable for life, the issue is rated Aa-3 by Moody'sInvestors Service and AA-minus by Standard and Poor's. Latelast week, Moody's and S and P downgraded the telephonecompany's debt ratings, underwriters noted. Reuter

The Senate Agriculture committee votedto limit changes in county loan rate differentials startingwith the 1988 crop as part of a budget deficit reductionpackage.    The panel also approved measures that could trigger largercorn and wheat acreage reduction requirements, increasefarmer-held reserve storage payments, reduce a potential milksupport price cut, and require advance deficiency payments forproducers of major crops.    A proposal to require imported tropical oils be labeled onU.S. food products failed by a 10-8 vote. Reuter
A spokesman for the National Associationof Broadcast Employees and Technicians said it is studying itsnext moves in its strike against the National Broadcasting Coafter 12 of its units voted to accept a contract proposal andtwo small units voted to reject.    The spokesman said the union will make a furtherannouncement later today after union leaders had a chance toconfer. The only units voting to reject were a Chicago couriersgroup and a Los Angeles plant maintenance group. The spokesmansaid the two units represented 37 votes out of approximately2800. NBC is a unit of General Electric Co &lt;GE>. Reuter

Analog Devices Inc said it mayrepurchase up to one mln of its 46 mln common sharesoutstanding on the open market over the next several months foruse in its employee stock purchase and stock option plans. Reuter
Taco Viva Inc said it namedDonald Ryan as president and chief operating officer of thecompany.    He assumes the president's slot formerly held by J. BrionFoulke III, who retains his positions as chairman and chiefexecutive officer, the company said.    Ryan most recenty served as president of &lt;InterimRestaurant Management Inc>, a firm specializing in rejuvenatingoperations of ailing restaurant chains.    Ryan will join Taco Viva in early November, the companysaid. Reuter
Federal Reserve Board Vice-ChairmanManuel Johnson cautioned against seeking "quick-fix solutions" topersistent U.S. trade and federal budget deficits.    In particular, he told an American Stock Exchangeconference, a decline in the dollar below current levels wouldexacerbate financial market conditions.    "Trying to artificially depress the dollar severely belowcurrent levels ... would exacerbate financial market conditionsand lead to further potential for financial problems."    Nowhere, Johnson said, are Fed officials hearing that U.S.businesses cannot compete at current exchange rates.    He acknowledged the U.S. trade deficit was persistingdespite a decline in the dollar's value of 40 to 50 pct in thepast two years.    But the deficit is improving in volume terms and will soonbegin showing improvement.    "The stage I think is being set for a healthy, constructiveexpansion without inflationary instability," he said. Reuter
The Swiss Banking Commission hopes tointroduce a major reform of the banking system in January whichwould revolutionise the workings of the country's unusualliquidity requirements.    Commission Director Kurt Hauri told Reuters the mainconsequence of the change would be an end to the sharp rise ininterest rates which occurs at the end of every month.    By effectively reducing liquidity requirements, it wouldalso help Swiss banks compete better against those in Britain,West Germany and the United States, he said.    The commission wants to move to a system of averageliquidity requirements, where banks have to hold reservesequivalent to a certain proportion of their exposure calculatedover the month as a whole.    The current system, described  as a Swiss special case byHauri, forces banks to comply with requirements generally onlyat the end of each month.    The result is a sharp upward trend in short dated moneymarket rates, overshadowed by the approach of the end-month,called the ultimo, with consequent high costs for the banks whoare forced to borrow extra funds from the National Bank.    This was particularly pronounced in June 1986 whenovernight rates hit triple figures, due to a combination of thehalf-year end and a rigid adherence by the National Bank to itsmoney supply target. Although the rise shocked the bank intomore flexibility, the problem remained.    The reform proposal, which Hauri said had been planned foryears, was given to banks and other interested parties forcomment on September 30.    They have until the end of this month to suggestalterations. Subject to such changes, and to the governmentgo-ahead, it will come into force on January 1, Hauri said. REUTER
Republic National Bank of New York, aunit of Republic New York Corp, is offering 100 mln dlrs ofnotes due 1989 yielding 9.612 pct, said sole manager SalomonBrothers Inc.    The notes have a 9-1/2 pct coupon and were priced at 99.80to yield 63 basis points more than the when-issued two-yearTreasury notes.    Non-callable for life, the issue is rated Aa-1 by Moody'sInvestors Service Inc and AA by Standard and Poor's Corp. Reuter
Infotron Systems Corp saidJames C. Castle has been named president and chief executiveofficer, succeeding James C. Hann, who becomes vice chairmanand will focus on product technology issues.    Castle had been president of TBG Information Systems Inc, asubsidiary of Thyssen AG &lt;THYH.G>. Reuter

AMR Corp said its NashvilleEagle Inc subsidiary will acquire nine 19-seat Metro IIIairplanes in separate agreements with Fairchild IndustriesInc's &lt;FEN> Fairchild Aircraft Corp unit and &lt;Midstate AirlinesInc>.    Terms of the agreements were not disclosed.    The company said the pre-owned airplanes will begin duringthe fourth quarter of this year.    Nashville operates more than 100 commuter flights daily to16 cities that connect to AMR's American Airlines' dailyflights at the Nashville terminal in Fort Worth, Texas. Reuter

Periods ended September 30    Oper shr 24 cts vs six cts    Oper net 1,297,881 vs 312,295    Sales 60.5 mln vs 52.2 mln    First half    Oper shr 39 cts vs 13 cts    Oper net 2,099,679 vs 711,530    Sales 118.1 mln vs 103.7 mln    NOTE: 1986 operating net excludes losses from discontinuedoperations of 154,661 dlrs, or three cts a share, in quarterand 409,476 dlrs, or seven cts a share, in half. Reuter
Shr 43 cts vs 55 cts    Net 6,262,000 vs 7,948,000    Nine mths    Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs    Net 18.8 mln vs 22.3 mln    Assets 2.4 billion vs 2.1 billion    NOTE: Prior year amounts restated to reflect 2-for-1 stocksplit effective May 15, 1987. Reuter
Period ended Sept 27    Shr nine cts vs 24 cts    Net 474,000 vs 880,000    Sales 11.2 mln vs 11.8 mln    Avg shrs 5,369,555 vs 3,654,986    Note: 1986 figures include tax credits of 113,000 dlrs orthree cts a share. Reuter
Federal securities regulators are notdiscussing a move to close U.S. securities markets, aspokesperson for the Securities and Exchange Commission said.    The SEC "...is not discussing closing the nation'ssecurities markets," the SEC said today in a preparedstatement.    The Commission said it is "is concerned about currentmarket conditions, is closely monitoring the situation and isin regular contact with the various markets and otherregulatory bodies."    An SEC spokesperson emphasized that the SEC has not been incontact with Reagan administration officials concerning today'smarket activity, or any response to the volatile U.S. stockmarket. Reuter

The Supreme Court let stand a rulingthat Northrop Corp &lt;NOC> must pay 31 mln dlrs to a companycontrolled by Saudi businessman Adnan Khashoggi.    The court denied a Northrop appeal challenging a U.S.arbitration tribunal's ruling that it pay 31 mln dlrs incommissions and interest stemming from arms contracts it wonfrom Saudi Arabia in the early 1970s.    Northrop, seeking to sell F-5 fighter aircraft andsupporting services to Saudi Arabia, hired Khashoggi's firm in1970 as its marketing representative.    Northrop paid more than 17 mln dlrs in commissions toKhashoggi's firm, Triad International Marketing, from 1971 to1975. U.S. Defense Department records showed that Northrops'sales to Saudi Arabia during this period totaled 4.2 billiondlrs.    The legal battle dates back to 1979, when Khashoggi beganarbitration proceedings seeking payment of more than 150 mlndlrs in commissions due under his agreement with Northrop.    A federal judge in 1984 threw out the arbitration panel'saward of 31 mln dlrs to Khashoggi's firm, but a U.S. Court ofAppeals reinstated it last March. Reuter



Shr 23 cts vs 22 cts    Net 1,293,000 vs 1,256,000    Sales 39.7 mln vs 31.6 mln    Nine mths    Shr 72 cts vs 61 cts    Net 4,099,000 vs 3,470,000    Sales 115.9 mln vs 87.6 mln    NOTE: Share adjusted for three-for-two stock split inFebruary 1987. Reuter
Egypt has agreed to build two new roadsin Uganda worth a total of 295 mln dlrs, Egyptian commercialattache Muhammud el Tahan said.    The two countries signed an agreement under which Egyptiancompanies will reconstruct the roads between Fort Portal andBundibugyo near the Zaire border in western Uganda and betweenKapchorwa and Swam near Mount Elgon in the east of the country,he told reporters. Uganda would repay the loan from Egypt 70pct in unspecified barter goods and 30 pct in hard currency.    Egypt and Uganda are also discussing the possibility ofEgyptian help for a project to grow wheat in Uganda, he added. Reuter
Shr primary loss eight cts vs profit 49 cts    Shr fully diluted loss eight cts vs profit 45 cts    Net profit 681,000 vs profit 11.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr primary profit 33 cts vs profit 2.36 dlrs    Shr fully diluted profit 33 cts vs profit 1.92 dlrs    Net profit 12.7 mln vs profit 47.5 mln    Assets 10.53 billion vs 10.75 billion    Deposits 5.98 billion vs 5.89 billion    Loans 8.44 billion vs 9.09 billion    NOTE: 1987 nine mth figures include gain of 2,470,000 dlrsfrom cumulative effect of an accounting change.    1987 3rd qtr and nine mth figures also include gain of 12.1mln dlrs from sale of real estate investment property.    1987 3rd qtr and nine mths earnings per share reflectpayment of dividends on company's two series of preferred stockamounting to 2.2 mln dlrs. Reuter
Shr profit 1.47 dlrs vs loss 26 cts    Net profit 146 mln vs loss 26 mln    Revs 2.25 billion vs 1.82 billion    Nine mths    Shr profit 1.82 dlrs vs profit 2.27 dlrs    Net profit 180 mln vs profit 224 mln    Revs 5.94 billion vs 5.55 billion Reuter
Colombia has opened export registrationsfor November coffee shipments, trade sources said. No furtherdetails were available. Reuter
Period ended August 29.    Shr profit one ct vs loss one ct    Net profit 128,112 vs loss 30,170    Sales 1,620,707 vs 1,325,406    Avg shrs 9,306,031 vs 3,499,219    Six Mths    Shr nil vs loss nine cts    Net profit 25,890 vs loss 322,675    Sales 2,915,077 vs 1,845,003    Avg shrs 9,283,631 vs 3,499,219 Reuter
Shr 1.13 dlrs vs 87 cts    Net 5,010,000 vs 3,868,000    Nine mths    Shr 4.91 dlrs vs 4.84 dlrs    Net 21.8 mln vs 21.5 mln    NOTE: Current quarter figures include gain of 4.7 mln dlrson property sales vs gain of 2.9 mln in prior year's quarter.    Current nine month figures include gain of 20.5 mln dlrs onproperty sales vs gain of 19 mln dlrs. Reuter
Chrysler Corp said its import operationsclosed out its 1987 model year with record sales of DodgeRam-50 models of 76,913 trucks compared with the previousrecord 72,629 trucks sold in 1986. The Ram-50 is imported forDodge from Mitsubishi Motors Corp. Reuter
Sept 30    Shr seven cts vs five cts    Net 234,504 vs 157,862    Revs 4,096,000 vs 3,007,383 Reuter
Qtr ends September 30    Shr 25 cts vs 13 cts    Net 759,000 vs 383,000    Revs 9,052,000 vs 6,829,000 Reuter
Guilford Mills Inc said itsboard has authorized the repurchase of up to one mln of itscommon shares from time to time in the open market.    The company has about 10.5 mln shares outstanding. Reuter
The European Community (EC) will notissue a joint statement on the U.S. Attack on Iran for now,diplomats said.    They said the latest events in the Gulf were discussed onlybriefly by foreign ministers over lunch, though member stateshad been informed by Washington that it was planning militaryaction. "They didn't have enough information to discuss it fullyand they wouldn't have agreed anyway," one diplomat said.    Belgian Foreign Minister Leo Tindemans said Belgium hadalways opposed an extension of violence in the Gulf and deeplyregretted that the situation had deteriorated.    But British Foreign Secretary Sir Geoffrey Howe said theUnited States was fully entitled to take military action andFrancisco Fernandez Ordonez of Spain said the U.S. Strike couldbe considered an af self-defence. REUTER
National Distillers and Chemical Corpsaid it intends to repurchase up to 540,000 of its 32.8 mlncommon shares outstanding. Reuter
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp chairmanWilliam Seidman said he is worried that consumer confidencewill be undermined by panic selling of stocks.    "The principal worry is that the market will panic anddestroy the really strong confidence that the consumer has inthe economy," Seidman told reporters during the AmericanBankers Association annual convention.    But Seidman was relaxed about the implications for banks."I don't see any near-term effect on the banking system. Wewould have to worry if it throws the economy into a majorrecession. We don't expect that to happen." he said.    First Chicago Corp chairman Barry Sullivan echoed Seidman,saying that the slump in stocks could hasten a recession "if itsignificantly impacts consumer confidence."    But Sullivan told reporters that he thinks the U.S. economyremains sound.    Sullivan said the slide in stocks was an extreme reactionto recent increases in interest rates.    Asked whether First Chicago would follow Chemical Bank inraising its prime rate to 9-3/4 pct from 9-1/4, Sullivan said,"We're looking very carefully at the money markets."    The FDIC's Seidman, asked whether the stock market rout wasa reason to reconsider plans to give broader securities powersto commercial s, said, "Under the plan we are suggestingthat (securities) activities be done in subsidiaries so if everthings go badly for them it won't affect their capital." Reuter
House Speaker Jim Wright dismissedcharges that the trade bill before Congress contributed to thefall in stock prices on Wall Street.    "That is utterly ridiculous," the Texas Democrat toldreporters.    Treasury Secretary James Baker and other administrationofficials over the weekend pointed to the pending legislation-- which they brand too protectionist -- as a key factor in therecord-setting drop. Reuter
Allied-Signal Inc saidprofits in its aerospace division fell 46 pct in the thirdquarter due to lower margins and significantly higherdevelopment costs for several aircraft, including the MD-80.    After-tax income from its aerospace operations, the largestof its divisions, was 43 mln dlrs compared with 79 mln dlrs ayear earlier, which was restated to exclude sales and expensesfrom discontinued operations, Allied-Signal said.    Revenues in the aerospace division edged up to 1.144billion dlrs from 1.099 billion dlrs a year earlier.    After-tax income from its automotive division rose to 28mln dlrs from 26 mln dlrs. In its engineered materialsdivision, after-tax income rose to 52 mln dlrs from 39 mlndlrs.    Sales in its automotive unit rose to 882 mln dlrs from 662mln dlrs. Sales in its engineered materials unit rose to 706mln dlrs from 666 mln dlrs.    During the third quarter, the company authorized buyback of25 mln common shares, including stocks held in odd lots of lessthan 100 shares. As of Octotber 16, company said it had reducedthe number of shares outstanding to 164.6 mln. Reuter
Shr 23 cts vs 20 cts    Net 1,115,000 vs 971,000    Revs 13.8 mln vs 11.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr 64 cts vs 52 cts    Net 3,134,000 vs 2,521,000    Revs 40.1 mln vs 31.8 mln Reuter
Shr 34 cts vs not given    Net 510,192 vs 328,428    Nine mths    Shr one dlr vs not given    Net 1,489,831 vs 741,136    NOTE: Company went public in September 1986. Reuter
3rd qtr net    Shr 22 cts vs 54 cts    Net 366,497 vs 877,148    Nine mths    Shr 70 cts vs 1.17 dlrs    Net 1,185,352 vs 1,924,255 Reuter
Shr loss five cts vs loss eight cts    Net loss 657,000 vs loss 566,535    Revs 9,341,755 vs 260,468    Avg shrs 14,323,384 vs 7,081,688    Nine mths    Shr loss 19 cts vs loss 39 cts    Net loss 2,449,094 vs loss 1,408,789    Revs 15,571,230 vs 683,684    Avg shrs 12,655,172 vs 3,612,300 Reuter
Shr profit seven cts vs n/a    Net profit 587,000 vs profit 3,231,000    Sales 18.5 mln vs 18.7 mln    Nine Mths    Shr loss 39 ct s vs n/a    Net loss 2,368,000 vs protit 7,165,000    Sales 55.4 mln vs 54.2 mln    Note: Current nine month figures include extraordinary lossof 1.2 mln dlrs, or 17 cts per share, resulting from costsassociated with restructuring.    Prior quarter and nine month per share figures notapplicable because company began operations in October, 1986with the acquisition of Gould Inc's &lt;GLD> medical productsgroup. Reuter
Shr 21 cts vs 11 cts    Net 661,000 vs 325,000    Revs 13.6 mln vs 13.4 mln    Avg shrs 3,148,000 vs 3,011,000    1st half    Shr 42 cts vs 25 cts    Newt 1,310,000 vs 752,000    Revs 28.2 mln vs 25.6 mln    Avg shrs 3,136,000 vs 3,006,000 Reuter
Shr 23 cts vs 15 cts    Net 2,641,000 vs 1,295,000    Revs 15.6 mln vs 7,925,000    Avg shrs 11.6 mln vs 8,900,000    Nine mths    Shr 65 cts vs 37 cts    Net 6,805,000 vs 3,308,000    Revs 42.7 mln vs 20.6 mln    Avg shrs 10.5 mln vs 8,900,000    Reuter
Shr loss 24 cts vs loss 13 cts    Net loss 619,956 vs loss 340,735    Revs 17.2 mln vs 18.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr profit six cts vs loss 92 cts    Net profit 172,384 vs loss 2,437,333    Revs 57.7 mln vs 57.5 mln Reuter
The U.N. Security Council wascalled to a private meeting on Monday for consultations following the United States attack on an Iranian oil platform.    Meanwhile, a U.N. spokesman said that as far as he knew areport to the council and Secretary General Javier Perez deCuellar on the action had not been received from the Americans.    In Washington, President Reagan said the United Nations wasbeing informed of the attack under the provision of the U.N.Charter regarding notification of actions taken under the rightof self-defense.    The U.N. spokesman, Francois Giuliani, said Perez deCuellar had no comment on the attack, taken in response toIranian action against an American-owned tanker last week, butwas trying to find out "what actually happened."    Calls to Iran's U.N. commission elicited no response. Reuter

Sept 30    Shr 44 cts    Net 905,000 vs 631,000    Six months    Shr 88 cts    Net 1,793,000 vs 1,378,000    Assets 221 mln vs 223.2 mln    Deposits 186.4 mln vs 189.8 mln    Loans 176.5 mln vs.7 mln Reuter
Asea AB &lt;ASEA.ST> said the group to beformed by its merger with Switzerland's BBC AG Brown Boveri undCie &lt;BBCZ.Z> would have four main business areas; power plants,power transmission, power distribution and industrialequipment.    Asea Brown Boveri Ltd's international markets wouldcontinue to be run by decentralised management, and the threemain home markets, Switzerland, West Germany and Sweden, wouldcontinue to play an important role, Asea said in a statement.    It said research and development were crucial to thegroup's future and central reasearch resources and laboratoriesin the three home markets would be strengthened. Reuter
Baring Capital Investors Ltd (BCI), a unitof the U.K. Merchant bank &lt;Baring Brothers and Co Ltd>, said ithas raised 61 mln European Currency Units (ECUs) which will beinvested in management buy-outs and development capitalopportunities in the U.K. And continental Europe.    The funds were raised through BCI's first such fund - theBaring Euaring European Capital Trust - from investors in nineEuropean countries. It expects to raise another 40 mln ECUssoon through a French fund and a fund for U.S. Investors.    BCI was set up last year by Baring Brothers to advisebuy-out and development capital investors.    BCI said the new fund is structured as a Guernsey-basedunit trust, which will be listed on the Luxembourg StockExchange. It will be advised by BCI and managed by a companyowned jointly by Barings and the management of BCI.    Individual investments are expected to range between oneand 10 mln ECUs and are likely to be concentrated in the U.K.,Germany and France.    BCI said its aims are to invest in established companies,principally family companies with succession-issues andcorporate spin-offs. REUTER
International monetary officials will rush to paper over the deep cracks that have appeared in theLouvre accord on currency stability to prevent a dollarfree-fall and to calm turmoil in world capital markets,economists and currency traders said.    "I don't think the Louvre is dead because if it breaks upin an acrimonious way, the potential outcome is a rout of thedollar, higher interest rates and collapsing stock markets.It's in the Group of Seven's interest to calm things down,"said Douglas Madison, corporate trader at BankAmerica Corp.       In a weekend television interview, U.S. Treasury secretaryJames Baker sharply criticised a recent rise in West Germanmoney market rates and said the eight month-old Louvre pact tofoster exchange rate stability needs to be reviewed.    His comments rocked the currency markets and helped sendthe already-fragile U.S. and overseas stock markets into atailspin.    The dollar lost more than two pfennigs in the U.S. to about1.7740/50 marks and about one yen to 141.25/35 yen. The DowJones Industrial Average slumped more than 200 points at onestage and U.S. Treasury bonds dropped about 1-3/4 points.    Reuter
Shr loss five cts vs loss eight cts    Net loss 118,000 vs loss 87,000    Sales 1,765,000 vs 1,345,000    Avg shrs 2,370,000 vs 1,070,000 Reuter

Shr 28 cts vs 41 cts    Net 205,000 vs 229,000    Nine mths    Shr 86 cts vs 1.01 dlrs    Net 622,000 vs 566,000    NOTE: Share reflects issuance of 166,750 common shares inDecember 1986. Reuter
Shr 38 cts vs 25 cts    Net 708,197 vs 404,471    Sales 6,592,736 vs 6,122,133    Avg shrs 1,886,400 vs 1,648,477 Reuter

Shr profit five cts vs profit seven cts    Net profit 59,000 vs profit 39,000    Nine mths    Shr profit 12 cts vs loss four cts    Net profit 92,000 vs loss 20,000    Avg shrs 775,000 vs 548,000 Reuter
Shr 42 cts vs 59 cts    Net 734,659 vs 1,033,309    Nine mths    Shr 92 cts vs 1.69 dlrs    Net 1,629,719 vs 2,971,144    NOTE: 1987 nine mths net includes a loss of 290,000 dlrs onsale of securities and nine-recurring charge of 32,713 dlrs forwrite-off of FSLIC secondary reserve. Reuter
Crazy Eddie Inc said its board willnot oppose the slate of nominees proposed for election to theboard by the committee led by Entertainment Marketing Inc &lt;EM>and the &lt;Oppenheimer-Palmieri Fund, LP.>    Crazy Eddie said its board is not endorsing, but willsimply refrain from opposing, the EMI-Palmieri nominees.    The board also said it will ask representatives of theCommittee to Restore Shareholder value to begin acquaintingthemselves with the business and affairs of the company aspromptly as possible.       To that end, the committee's representatives will beinvited in advance of the annual meeting to examine thecompany's financial records, to monitor its operations and tojoin company officers in meetings with the company's suppliers,bankers and key personnel, Crazy Eddie said.    The board said that to continue to oppose the EMI-Palmierigroup would only increase the expenses of the company, createfurther uncertainty among its suppliers, customers andemployees, and result in deterioration of moral among companypersonnel.    A further release from the company will follow, it said. Reuter
Shr 1.33 dlrs vs 90 cts    Net 12.0 mln vs 8,180,000    Nine mths    Shr 3.63 dlrs vs 2.88 dlrs    Net 32.9 mln vs 26.2 mln Reuter
&#2;SOCIETY FOR SAVINGS BANCORP INC &lt;SOCS.O> 3RD QTR    HARTFORD, Conn., Oct 19    Shr 75 cts vs 55 cts    Net 8,031,000 vs 5,819,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.16 dlrs vs 1.42 dlrs    Net 23.2 mln vs 15.1 mln Reuter&#3;
Standard Products Inc said shareholdersat its annual meeting approved an increase in the company'sauthorized common to 25 mln shares from 15 mln shares.    Standard also said shareholders approved an increase in thecompany's board to 12 members from 11.    It said shareholders also voted to eliminate cumulativevovting in the electrion of directors and autahorized thecompany to enter into idemnification contracts from time totime with directors, officers, employees and agents of thecompany. Reuter
Shr profit three cts vs profit nine cts    Net profit 102,136 vs profit 307,516    Revs 8,459,182 vs 8,469,476    Avg shrs 3,448,218 vs 3,613,672    Nine mths    Shr loss 13 cts vs profit 28 cts    Net loss 458,823 vs profit 1,014,969    Revs 25.5 mln vs 24.6 mln    Avg shrs 3,467,099 vs 3,612,626 Reuter
3rd qtr    Oper shr 27 cts vs 29 cts    Oper net 4,926,000 vs 5,231,000    Revs 18.5 mln vs 17.8 ln    Nine mths    Oper shr 78 cts vs 84 cts    Oper net 14.1 mln vs 15.3 mln    Revs 55.0 mln vs 53.6 mln    NOTE: Net excludes capital gains of 751,000 dlrs vs 664,000dlrs in quarter and 5,881,000 dlrs vs 3,409,000 dlrs in ninemths. Reuter
A top Iranian military official saidAmerica's attack on an Iranian oil platform on Monday hadinvolved the United States in full-scale war and Iran wouldavenge it with a "crushing blow."    "The United States has entered a swamp from which it can inno way get out safely," the Iranian news agency IRNA quoted thehead of Iran's war information headquarters as saying.    The official, Kamal Kharrazi, said Washington had nowbecome involved in what he called a full-fledged war with Iran.    It was the first official Iranian reaction to the attack byfour U.S. Navy destroyers on the Reshadat oil platform. Reuter
Tandon Computer Corp said it hasintroduced  a personal computer than combines high capacitydisk storage and a new way to transfer large amounts of data.    The company said its 386 personal computer features anIntel Corp &lt;INTC.0> 80386 processor running at 20 megahertz.    The computer also features a receptacle that accommodatesTandon's Personal Data Pac removable, Winchester disk drive,providing a link to Tandons PAC 286 and other systems runningwith its Ad-Pac subsystem.    The computer will be available in January, 1988. Reuter
Shr 66 cts vs 48 cts    Net 8,413,000 vs 6,112,000    Sales 267.9 mln vs 230.6 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.20 dlrs vs 2.05 dlrs    Net 28.1 mln 26.4 mln    Sales 806.7 mln vs 720.7 mln    NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr results include extraordinary loss onextinguishment of debt of 1,482,000 dlrs or 12 cts a shr. Reuter
Shr 33 cts vs 13 cts    Net 2,272,000 vs 880,000    Revs 6,399,000 vs 5,912,000    Chainwide sales 142.0 mln vs 126.7 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.07 dlrs vs 44 cts    Net 7,369,000 vs 2,868,000    Revs 19.1 mln vs 16.1 mln    Chainwide sales 402.9 mln vs 357.1 mln    Avg shrs 6,918,000 vs 6,569,000                              Reuter
Granges ExplorationLTD, a mining company, said it filed with the Securities andExchange Commission for a proposed publioffering of 2,500,000shares of its common.    PaineWebber Inc and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc will beco-managers of the underwriting group.    Granges said it intends to use proceeds for generalcorporate purposes. Reuter
Shr 17 cts vs four cts    Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts    Net 739,000 vs 157,000    Revs 21.1 mln vs 14.5 mln    NOTE: 1986 1st qtr adjusted for five pct stock dividendpain in March 1987.    Qtly dividend payable December seven to shareholders orrecord November nine. Reuter
Sept 30 end    Shr loss 38 cts vs loss three cts    Net loss 3,300,000 vs loss 205,000    Revs 63.4 mln vs 72.1 mln    Avg shrs 8,966,000 vs 9,741,000    NOTE: 1986 first quarter results include 398,000 gain fromrepurchase of debentures that had been discounted below marketvalue. Reuter
Kennametal Inc said second quarter,ending December 31, earnings should show significantimprovement over the 3.5 mln dlrs, or 35 cts a share, earned inthe year earlier quarter.    The company said this outlook is based on its optimism thepositive trand in domestic metalworking sales will continuethrough its fiscal 1988.    It reported an increase in first quarter profits to 4.9 mlndlrs from 3.6 mln a year ago and said sale increases wereexperienced in most markets with sales of domestic metalworkingproducts achieving the greatest gains. Reuter
Shr profit 30 cts vs profit three cts    Net profit 3,933,000 vs profit 436,000    Revs 70.4 mln vs 47.2 mln    Avg 13.2 mln vs 13.0 mln    Nine mths    Shr profit 85 cts vs loss 17 cts    Net profit 11.2 mln vs loss 2,083,000    Revs 192.1 mln vs 144.8 mln    Avg shrs 13.2 mln vs 12.0 mln    Reuter
Federal Express Corp said that theaverage daily volume of packages and documents for Septemberincreased 26 pct over the same month in 1986.    The total volume of packages in September increased to17,687,000 from 14,077,000. The average daily volume ofpackages increased to 842,238 from 670,333.    For the first four months of the fiscal year, ending Sept30, the company said its total volume of packages increased to69,826,000 from the 54,232,000 reported during the same periodlast year. The average daily volume during the period increasedto 802,598 from 638,024. Reuter

Shr 26 cts vs 18 cts    Net 5,281,000 vs 3,496,000    Revs 48.8 mln vs 32.1 mln    Nine mths    Shr 64 cts vs 51 cts    Net 12.9 mln vs 9,822,000    Revs 129.0 mln vs 89.2 mln Reuter
New York investor Martin Sosnoff saidhe reduced his stake in Caesars World Inc common stock to3,878,700 shares, or 16 pct of the company's common stockoutstanding, from about 17.4 pct.    Sosnoff, who tried unsuccessfully to acquire Caesars Worldearlier this year, said in a filing with the Securities andExchange Commission that he sold 338,975 Caesars World shareson October 15 and 16 at 22.50 dlrs to 25.25 dlrs a share.    Sosnoff said he holds his Caesars World stock "primarilyfor investment purposes". He also said he reserves the right toalter his intentions at any time. Reuter
Graco Inc said it expects 1987earnings to be below last year's record level, despite highersales.    The company last year earned 14.3 mln dlrs, or 2.38 dlrs ashare, on sales of 225.1 mln dlrs.    It said its order backlog remains strong and it willcomplete delivery and installation of several large auto plantfinishing systems during the fourth quarter.    Earlier, it reported third quarter earnings of 3.1 mlndlrs, or 54 cents a share compared with 4.4 mln dlrs, or 73cents a share a year earlier. Reuter


Shr 26 cts vs 18 cts    Net 1,409,551 vs 985,470    Revs 38.4 mln vs 22.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr 64 cts vs 47 cts    Net 3,477,188 vs 2,558,625    Revs 88.8 mln vs 63.9 mln    NOTE: Earnings per share adjusted for 3-for-2 stock splitdistributed on September 4. Reuter
Shr profit two cts vs loss 2.60 dlrs    Net profit 111,000 vs loss 16.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr profit 19 cts vs loss 2.80 dlrs    Net profit 1,261,000 vs loss 18.1 mln Reuter
Shr 11 cts vs 22 cts    Qtly div 10 cts vs 10 cts prior    Net 548,254 vs 1,138,978    Revs 28 mln vs 31.1 mln    Year    Shr 50 cts vs 1.34 dlrs    Net 2,527,846 vs 6,822,293    Revs 111.7 mln vs 118.9 mln    NOTE: Qtly div payable December 4 to shareholders of recordNovember 13. Reuter
About 10,000 people marched through theSudanese capital Monday in protest against price increases anddevaluation of the Sudanese pound.    The march was aimed at measures agreed with theInternational Monetary Fund, including devaluation of theSudanese pound by 44 pct and a rise in sugar and petrol prices.    The devaluation was announced on October 3. Sudan's foreigndebt costs an estimated one billion dlrs a year to service. REUTER
Sept 30 end    Shr 14 cts vs 20 cts    Net 733,980 vcs 871,720    Revs 14.7 mln vs 12.0 mln    Avg shrs 5,130,190 vs 4,302,430    Year    Shr 61 cts vs 60 cts    Net 2,763,308 vs 2,550,133    Revs 50.0 mln vs 43.1 mln    Avg shrs 4,565,189 vs 4,277,046    Fiscal 1987 net both periods includes charge 480,000 dlrsto adjust premium reserves for workers' compensation andliability insurance claims. Reuter
Shr 85 cts vs 73 cts    Net 3,150,000 vs 2,699,000    Sales 39.8 mln vs 34.3 mln    Nine Mths    Shr 2.19 dlrs vs 1.86 dlrs    Net 8,109,000 vs 6,876,000    Sales 111.5 mln vs 100.7 mln    NOTE: 1987 tax credits added 14 cts to third quarter netand 33 cts to nine months net compared with credits of 16 ctsand 45 cts in the respective 1986 periods. Reuter
Oper shr three cts vs 48 cts    Oper net 170,000 vs 2,324,000    Nine mths    Oper shr 1.26 dlrs vs 1.84 dlrs    Oper net 6,157,000 vs 8,907,000    NOTE: Operating net excludes extraordinary gains of 231,000dlrs, or four cts a share, vs 2,657,000 dlrs, or 55 cts ashare, in quarter and 1,341,000 dlrs, or 28 cts a share, vs4,637,000 dlrs, or 95 cts a share, in the nine months Reuter
Perry Drug Stores Inc said DonaldFox has resigned from the board of directors, effectiveimmediately.    Fox, a board director since 1971, said he was resigningbecause of new business interests, the company reported. Foxleft Perry as president and chief operating officer in Januaryand was recently appointed president of Beauty Brands Group, adistributor based in Southfield, Mich., the company said. Reuter
Shr 48 cts vs 35 cts    Net 4,946,000 vs 3,552,000    Sales 94.1 mln vs 84.5 mln    Avg shrs 10.2 mln vs 10.1 mln Reuter
Peripheral Systems Inc said itcompleted tests of the Nucell-50 radio isotope generatingsystem, known as a resonant nuclear battery, designed toproduce up to 50 kilowatts of AC electricity.    The Nucell-50, developed by privately-held &lt;Nucell Inc>,converts the natural decay of radioactive materials directlyinto electricity whout a nuclear reaction or fission process,the company said.    Peripheral said it entered into a previously announcedagreement to acquire Nucell, subject to shareholder approval,and has been providing research funds and engineering to it.    The merger calls for an unspecified amount of stock to bepaid for Nucell, the company said.    The Nucell-50 unit, which measures 12 inches by 15 inchesand weighs less than 50 pounds, can operate continuously formany years, the company said.    The device uses a small amount of radioactive material,which can be shielded for consumer use, the company said.    Initial funding of the Nucell research and development wasprovided by individuals, many of whom were officers anddirectors of Peripheral, the company said. Reuter
Oper shr profit four cts vs profit 13 cts    Oper net profit 456,000 vs profit 1,633,000    Revs 37.8 mln vs 34.0 mln    Avg shrs 13.0 mln vs 13.0 mln    Nine mths    Oper shr profit 12 cts vs loss 39 cts    Oper net profit 1,614,000 vs loss 4,877,000    Revs 109.2 mln vs 88.3 mln    Avg shrs 13.1 mln vs 12.5 mln    NOTE: 1987 net excludes tax credits of 156,000 dlrs inquarter and 716,000 dlrs in nine mths.    1987 net both perioods includes charge one mln dlrs fromrestructuring of Computer Products Division. Reuter
The Senate Agriculture Committee wasexpected to consider proposals that would limit adjustments incounty loan rate differentials which trigger larger corn andwheat acreage reduction requirements, Senate staff said.    A budget-saving proposal drafted by chairman Patrick Leahy(D-Vt) would limit adjustments in county loan ratedifferentials to no more than one pct per year from thenational average loan rate, starting with 1988 crops.    The plan also would allow the Agriculture Secretary toincrease the unpaid acreage reduction requirement for corn by"an appropriate amount to generate savings" if projected cornstocks exceeded 6.0 billion bushels.    Leahy's proposal would also allow a larger 1988 wheat setaside if projected stocks surpassed 1.9 billion bushels. Reuter
Shr profit five cts vs loss one ct    Net profit 504,000 vs loss 102,000    Revs 31.4 mln vs 32.0 mln    Nine mths    Shr profit 17 cts vs profit 26 cts    Net profit 1,729,000 vs profit 2,596,000    Revs 92.7 mln vs 112.6 mln    NOTE: 1986 3rd qtr net includes a after-tax charge of555,000 dlrs for sale of Reliacare Inc.       1986 nine mths net includes charge of 1,253,000 dlrs or 12cts a share for sale of Reliacare and Inspiron HospitalProducts division.    1986 nine mths net also includes aftertax earnings of2,256,000 dlrs or 22 dlrs a share for American MedicalInternational Inc &lt;AMI> contracts which expired July 1986. Reuter

California Micro Devices said itsigned a memorandum of understanding with Telefonica toestablish a joint venture to make integrated circuits for theWestern European market.    Telefonica is the national telephone company of Spain.    Under the pact, the companies will design, develop, make and market application specific integrated circuits, thin filmresistor networks and non-impact printhead substrates.    California Micro will contribute about two mln dlrs of itsequity in the venture. Telefonics will invest five mln dlrs inCalifornia Micro common stock.   Reuter
The coupon on &lt;Healthvest>'s 40 mln Swissfranc seven-year subordinated convertible bond was set at 4-1/2pct and not at the four pct indicated, lead manager S.G.Warburg Soditic SA said.    The issue, announced by the Texan company on October 12, is priced at par. Its conversion price was set at 23 dlrsduring the first three years and 21-3/4 dlrs during the lastfour years, with the exchange rate fixed at 1.47 francs perdlr.    Bonds held until maturity will be redeemed at 116.43 pctfor a 6-1/2 pct annual yield. Subscriptions close on October28. REUTER
Shr 1.22 dlrs    Net 27.8 mln vs 28.6 mln    Nine mths    Shr 3.88 dlrs    Net 87.4 mln vs 98.7 mln    Assets 10.3 billion vs 8.4 billion    Deposits 7.4 billion vs 6.7 billion    Loans 7.9 billion vs 6.0 billion    NOTE: Full name is Dime Savings Bank of New York. 1986 pershare figures not available as bank converted to stock form inAugust 1986.    1987 qtr and nine mths includes gain 10.5 mln dlrs and 33.2mln dlrs, respectively, from utilization of net operating losscarryforwards. 1986 qtr and nine mths includes gain 10.4 mlndlrs and 32.9 mln dlrs, respectively, from utilization of netoperating loss carryforwards. 1987 qtr and nine mths alsoincludes charge of 835,000 dlrs for the early extinguishment ofdebt net of tax benefit. Reuter
The Nordic Investment Bank (NIB) said ina statement it granted Finland's state-owned oil company NesteOy &lt;Neoy.He> a one hundred million German mark loan to acquireshares in Sweden's OK Petroleum AB.    Neste is buying one quarter of the shares in the Swedishcompany, whose other shareholders are the Swedish State and afederation of oil consumers.    Over 60 pct of the NIB's loans this year have involved theenergy sector. REUTER
Two congressmen urged President Reaganto to call congressional leaders to a domestic economic summitto settle budget and trade matters they said contributed to thestock market fall.    Noting the nosediving New York Stock Exchange, Rep DavidObey, a Wisconsin Democrat and former chairman of theCongressional Economic Committee, said "for the last five yearsthis economic recovery has been running on borrowed money andborrowed time."    In another House speech, Democrat Donald Pease of Ohio saida domestic economic summit was "desperately needed." Reuter
Robert Halmi Inc said it and Hal RoachStudios Inc signed a definitive agreement to merge in a stockswap value at 115 mln dlrs, based on October 16 closing prices.    The company said the agreement calls for the holders ofcommon stock in Hal Roach to exchange their shares on aone-for-one basis for shares in the combined company.    It said holders of Robert Halmi common will exchange theirshares on a two-and-one-half-for-one basis for shares in thecombined company.    The company said the swap will be tax-free.    The company also said &lt;Qintex Ltd>, a 35 pct owner of HalRoach common stock, has agreed to use the company as theexclusive vehicle for its U.S. media and entertainmentinvestments, the company said.    The company said Qintex's U.S. subsidiary also agreed tosupply a minimum 70 mln dlrs line of credit to the new company,which shall be used, with Qintex approval, for financing newHRI products.    The company said that under the definitive agreement,Qintex's U.S. division will have the right to purchase up to 51pct of the new company in the open market, in privatetransactions or by tender offer, but will not be purchasingwarrants to bring its ownership to 51 pct of the new company.    If Qintex's U.S. subsidiary has not achieved this ownershipwithin one year after the completion of the merger, thesubsidiary will have the right two years thereafter to requestthat HRI commence a rights offering to HRI stockholders, thecompany said.    Regarding the potential rights offering, Qintex's U.S.subsidiary will act as standby purchaser, the company said.    The transaction is subject to the approval of bothcompany's shareholders, the receipt of certain tax approvals,and the continued employement of Robert Halmi Sr and RobertHalmi Jr, the company said.    Robert Halmi Sr, who is currently chairman and chiefexecutive officer of Robert Halmi Inc, will be chairman of thenew company and David Evans, current president and chiefoperating officer of Hal Roach, will become chief executive,the company said. Reuter
Sept 30 end    Shr 32 cts vs 32 cts    Net 2,990,000 vs 2,988,000    Sales 57.3 mln vs 54.6 mln Reuter
System Software Associates Inc said itcompleted its previously-announced acquisition of Admin EDP PtyLtd for cash and a small amount of stock.    Admin EDP, of Sydney, Australia, is a full-service softwaresales and services firm. Reuter
Shr 54 cts vs 73 cts    Net 3,080,000 vs 4,367,000    Sales 59.6 mln vs 55.6 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.44 dlrs vs 1.81 dlrs    Net 8,526,000 vs 10,857,000    Sales 172.4 mln vs 167.0 mln    Backlog 34 mln dlrs vs 29 mln dlrs    NOTE: 1986 period ended September 26 Reuter
Shr 55 cts vs 48 cts    Net 2,520,000 vs 2,211,000    Nine mths    Shr 1.57 dlrs vs 1.41 dlrs    Net 7,223,000 vs 6,475,000 Reuter
Shr 19 cts vs 15 cts    Net 826,362 vs 421,759    Revs 19.0 mln vs 14.8 mln    Avg shrs 4,400,000 vs 2,900,000    Nine Mths    Shr 48 cts vs 31 cts    Net 1,872,075 vs 887,478    Revs 51.6 mln  41.1 mln    Avg shrs 3,889,000 vs 2,900,000    Note: Full name Countrywide Transport Services Inc. Reuter
Shr four cts vs five cts    Net 85,292 vs 109,285    Revs 2,916,128 vs 474,819 Reuter
A. Schulman Inc said its boarddeclared a special dividend of 10 cents per share, payableNovember 23 to holders of record November 9.    The company also said its board authorized the spending of15 mln dlrs for a new warehouse and plant in West Germanyadjacent to its present location there.    It said the board also authorized the spending of 1,700,000dlrs to provide additional warehouse, laboratory and officespace at its Belgian facility. Reuter
Shr 85 cts vs 77 cts    Net 25.8 mln vs 21.9 mln    Avg shrs 29.0 mln vs 27.1 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.22 dlrs vs 2.14 dlrs    Net 67.9 mln vs 60.1 mln    Avg shrs 29.0 mln vs 26.5 mln    NOTE: Previously reoprted amounts restated for earnings ofFirst NorthWest Bancorp acquired in pooling of interests onJuly 31, 1987. Reuter
Oper shr 1.02 dlrs vs 82 cts    Oper net 174 mln vs 149 mln    Revs 2.7 billion vs 2.4 billion    Nine mths    Oper shr 2.54 dlrs vs 2.64 dlrs    Oper net 438 mln vs 492 mln    Revs 8.2 billion vs 7.4 billion    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths includes after-tax 82 mlndlr or 49 cts a share gain for increase in equity of UnionTexas Petroleum Holdings Inc, for initial public offering.       1987 nine mths net includes after-tax gain of 73 mln dlrsor 42 cts a share on sale of remaining interest in the HenleyGroup Inc and other related transactions, which was partlyoffset by an after-tax loss of 30 mln dlrs ot 17 cts a sharefor repurchase of high coupon bonds.    1987 nine mths also excludes 79 mln dlrs for estimated netgain on disposal of discontinued operations as of March 31,1987, including Linotype Group, Amphenol Products, Ampex Corp.    1986 amounts restated to exclude sales and expenses ofdiscontinued operations.       1986 3rd qtr and nine mths oper net excludes operatingincome of 15 mln dlrs and and 44 mln dlrs for discontinuedoperations.    1986 nine mths includes a 43 mln dlrs or 24 cts a shareafter tax gain for reversion of surplus pension funds.    At end of 1987 and 1986 third quarter, average sharesoutstanding were 169.9 mln and 175.4 mln outstanding, afterdeducting dividends accured on preferred stock. At end of 1987and 1986 nine mth period, average shares were 172.5 mln and175.9, respectively, after deducting for preferred stockdividends. Reuter
Corby Distilleries Ltd said it hasagreed to buy Toronto-based McGuinness Distillers Ltd fromHeublein Inc for about 45 mln dlrs in a move which Corbyexpects to add significantly to domestic earnings.     Heublin is a subsidiary of Grand Metropolitan PLC(GMHL.L).     Corby said McGuinness will remain a seperate business unitwith a seperate sales force.     McGuinness markets liquers, brandy, and other liquors andhas entered the fast-expanding wine cooler market, Corby said.     Corby said it expects to benefit from McGuinness'ssuccesfull introduction of schnapps and coolers and itsstrength in traditional market sectors.            Heublein said the sale does not include McGuinness'sCalona Wines Ltd, a Canadian wine company.     Heublein said it is will still be represented in Canada byGilbey Canada Inc. reuter Reuter
Shr 16 cts vs 13 cts    Net 1,538,000 vs 1,288,000    Sales 35.3 mln vs 29.5 mln    Nine Mths    Shr 27 cts vs 37 cts    Net 2,601,000 vs 3,586,000    Sales 102.0 mln vs 84.2 mln Reuter

Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 66 dlrs    Net 38.2 mln vs 20.1 mln    Revs 419.1 mln vs 333.8 mln    Nine mths    Shr 3.50 dlrs vs 1.74 dlrs    Net 107.7 mln vs 53 mln    Revs 1.2 billion vs 940 mln Reuter
Shr 34 cts vs 26 cts    Net 6,150,000 vs 4,743,000    Revs 61.4 mln vs 49.5 mln    Nine months    Shr 89 cts vs 70 cts    Net 16 mln vs 11.8 mln    Revs 170 mln vs 137.5 mln    NOTE: All share and per share data have been adjusted toreflect 100 pct stock dividend distrition on April 24, 1987 andthe public offier of two mln shares ofthe company on June 4,1986. Reuter
Shr 63 cts vs 49 cts    Net 5,635,000 vs 4,330,000    Sales 117.8 mln vs 96.2 mln    Year    Shr 2.21 dlrs vs 1.71 dlrs    Net 19.8 mln vs 15.2 mln    Sales 465.1 mln vs 388.5 mln    NOTE: Share adjusted for February 1987 three-for-two split.    Prior year results restated. Reuter
Marathon Petroleum Company, a subsidiaryof USX Corp, said it lowered posted prices for crude oil by 50cts with an effective date of October 16.    The increase brings posted prices for West TexasIntermediate and West Texas Sour to 19.00 dlrs a barrel each.South Louisiana Sweet was increased to 19.35 dlrs a barrel.    Several indepndent oil companies such as Permian Corp andCoastal Corp &lt;CGP> said they had moved prices up effective lastFriday the day Sun Co &lt;SUN> announced a 50 cts a barrelincrease to 19.00 dlrs a barrel. Reuter

Anchor Glass Container Corp said itexpects fourth quarter profits to exceed the 4.7 mln dlrsreported for the third quarter and net income for the full yearwill be about equal to or slightly exceed 1986's profit beforeextraordinary items of 20.6 mln dlrs.    For the first nine months, Anchor reported operatingprofits of 16.2 mln dlrs, down from 17.8 mln dlrs in 1986.    It said third quarter profits, which dropped from 8.3 mlndlrs a year earlier, "were on target with management's earlierexpectations".    The company had previously said it expected the August 13purchase of Diamond-Bathurst Inc to reduce third quarterearnings.    It said third quarter earnings were also reduced by about800,000 dlrs, or six cents a share, by a year-to-date revisionin the estimated annual effective tax rate as a result of theacquisition. Reuter
USX Corp said its USS division andInland Steel Corp are continuing to pursue plans to construct aplant devoted to the continuous pre-painting of steel coils.    The company said the proposed facility will primarily servethe appliance market and will have a capacity of 250,000 to300,000 tons yearly.    The company said a location for the new plant has not beendetermined.    Seperately, USX said it and Inland have been unable toreach agreement with &lt;Worldmark Corp> regarding terms of apreviously announced arrangement for prepainting steel coils. Reuter
Sept 30 end    Primary 76 cts vs 51 cts    Diluted shr 70 cts vs 49 cts    Net 2,802,000 vs 2,030,000    Revs 124.9 mln vs 117.2 mln    Primary avg shrs 3,687,000 vs 4,016,000    Diluted avg shrs 4,786,000 vs 5,101,000 Reuter
Shr 24 cts vs 15 cts    Net 24,057,000 vs 14,508,000    Revs 156.1 mln vs 111.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr 63 cts vs 40 cts    Net 63,183,000 vs 36,464,000    Revs 405.0 mln vs 295.8 mln Reuter
Monsanto Co said sales of itsNutrasweet artificial sweetener fell slightly in the thirdquarter due to a continuing decline in usage by the powderedsoft drink market.    "It doesn't look as if there is going to be any improvementin the powdered soft drink sector," said Donna Smith, aMonsanto spokeswoman.    The company reported third quarter sales of 1.90 billiondlrs from 1.69 billion a year earlier. Nutrasweet sales fell to177 mln from 179 mln a year earlier, it said.    A growing market for diet sodas, about 90 pct of which useNutrasweet, offset much of the sales loss, said Monsanto chiefeconomist Nick Filippello.    Prospects remain strong in the diet soda market, Filippellosaid, since industry analysts predict diet carbonated softdrinks will hold about 28 pct of the soda market by year's end,up from 25 pct in 1986.    That market, coupled with increased usage of Nutrasweet insuch items as frozen desserts, should result in a 10 pctincrease in consumer consumption of the sweetener in 1987,Filippello said.    Monsanto spokeswoman Donna Smith refused to comment on thecompany's pricing policies for Nutrasweet.    However, Filippello said it was fair to assume thatMonsanto priced Nutrasweet at a lower rate for the diet sodamarket.    Nutrasweet sales have been falling since the fourth quarterof 1986 when medical studies raised questions about itspossible side effects, such as migraine headaches.    Monsanto acquired G.D. Searle and Co, Nutrasweet's maker in1986. Reuter

Oper shr 70 cts vs 18 cts    Oper net 39.1 mln vs 10.0 mln    Sales 543.6 mln vs 489.6 mln    Year    Oper shr 2.83 dlrs vs 1.82 dlrs    Oper net 159.7 mln vs 106.9 mln    Sales 2.13 billion vs 1.94 billion    Avg shrs 56.4 mln vs 58.6 mln    NOTE: Results restated for discontinued engineeringservices operations.    Prior year net excludes losses from discontinued operationsof 143,000 dlrs in quarter and 102,156 dlrs in year.    Fiscal 1987 year net excludes 4,081,000 dlr charge fromearly debt retirement.    Fiscal 1986 net includes special charges 24.7 mln dlrs inquarter and 37.2 mln dlrs in year from worgroce reductioncosts, revaluation of South African investment, reversal ofinvestment tax credits and othe4r items. Reuter
Japan's ruling Liberal Democratic Party(LDP) on Tuesdayhose former Finance Minister Noboru Takeshitato be the next prime minister, replacing Yasuhiro Nakasonewhose term ends on October 30.    LDP officials told Reuters the choice was made by Nakasoneafter Takeshita and two other contenders failed in marathonclosed-door meetings to agree who should be Japan's nextleader.    They were vying for the presidency of the LDP, a post whichautomatically carries with it the premiership by virtue of theparty's parliamentary majority. Reuter
The Louvre accord on currency stability,which has maintained an uneasy calm in currency markets sincelast February, appeared in serious danger today as atransatlantic dispute over West German interest rates came tothe boil, foreign exchange dealers said.    But as the dollar slid against the mark and world stock andbond markets plunged, officials in the major industrialcountries played down the dispute as a bilateral problembetween the United States and West Germany and insisted thatthe currency pact was still alive.    U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker sparked the marketfears when he attacked the rise in West German short-terminterest rates. "That's not in keeping with the spirit of whatwe agreed to as recently as earlier this month in Washington,"Baker said in a U.S. Television interview on Sunday. He wasreferring to the meetings of Finance Ministers from the Groupof Seven (G7) leading industrial nations which reaffirmed thepact.    Under the Louvre Accord West Germany and Japan, who bothhave large trade surpluses, pledged to boost their economicgrowth to take in more exports from the U.S., While the U.S.Agreed to stop talking the dollar down.    However, Baker said on Saturday that while the Louvreagreement was still operative, the West German interest ratemove would force the U.S. To re-examine the accord.    "The foreign exchange market has been told by Baker thathe's going to hammer Germany ... He has just declared all betsare off in terms of currency cooperation," Chris Johns, currencyanalyst at UBS-Phillips and Drew in London said.    But a Bank of Japan official took a much more sanguineview, telling Reuters that "the exchange market is apparentlyreacting too much, and anyone who sold the dollar on the Bakercomment will regret it later on."    French Finance Minister Edouard Balladur, who hosted theLouvre meeting, was the only one of the G7 Finance Ministers torespond directly to Baker's remarks. He called for "a faithfuland firm adherence by all the major industrial countries to theLouvre accords -- in both their letter and spirit."    Neither the West German Finance Ministry nor the BritishTreasury commented on the row.    But a Japanese Finance Ministry official said that despiteU.S. Frustration over higher interest rates abroad, "this doesnot represent its readiness to scrap the basic framework of theLouvre Accord."    In Frankfurt F. Wilhelm Christians, joint chief executiveof West Germany's largest bank, Deutsche Bank, said thatfollowing recent meetings with Baker, he believed that the U.S.Was still committed to the accord.    In a move which the market interpreted as a possiblegesture of reconciliation, the Bundesbank added short-termliquidity to the West German money market at 3.80 pct onMonday, down from the 3.85 pct level at which it injectedmedium-term liquidity last week. The Bank of France alsostepped into the French money market to hold down rates,injecting short-term liquidity at 7-3/4 pct after rates roseclose to eight pct. Reuter
Northview Corp said it reachedan agreement in principal covering the acquisition of thecompany by privately-held Calmark Financial Corp.    The agreement calls for Northview to make a self-tenderoffer for all of its outstanding stock at a price of 22 dlrsper share in cash.    Calmark, headquartered in Los Angeles, develops, managesand syndicates real estate, Northview also said. Reuter
Logicon Inc said it received athree-mln-dlr modification to its contract to develop cruisemissile simulation systems for the U.S. Air Force.    The company said the modification brings the contract to12.6 mln dlrs.    In addition, a separate 500,000-dlr option may be exercisedafter the basic simulation systems and software simulation aredelivered in September, 1988, it said. Reuter
The Bundesbank will not hold a newsconference after its regular fortnightly central bank councilmeeting on Thursday, a spokesman said in answer to enquiries.    The council is meeting in West Berlin, where it meets oncea year. It also meets once a year in another German city. Thesemeetings outside Frankfurt are traditionally followed by a newsconference. The spokesman declined to comment further.    In Bonn a finance ministry spokesman said Finance MinisterGerhard Stoltenberg would take part in the meeting in WestBerlin. His participation was arranged long ago, he added. REUTER
Shr 80 cts vs 70 cts    Shr diluted 76 cts vs 67 cts    Qtly div 33 cts vs 33 cts prior    Net 7,879,000 vs 7,007,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.33 dlrs vs 2.01 dlrs    Shr diluted 2.22 dlrs vs 1.92 dlrs    Net 23.0 mln vs 20.0 mln    Avg shrs 9,890,148 vs 10.0 mln    NOTE: Dividend pay Dec 10, record Nov 20. Reuter

Aug 31    Shr loss 34 cts vs profit 39 cts    Net loss 2,337,000 vs profit 2,532,000    Revs 66.1 mln vs 58.5 mln    Avg shrs 7,166,000 vs 6,763,000    12 months    Shr profit 26 cts vs loss 1.20 dlrs    Net profit 1,815,000 vs loss 7,927,000    Revs 264.3 mln vs 229.7 mln    Avg shrs 7,005,000 vs 6,621,000    NOTE: Results include pretax restructuring provisions of4.2 mln dlrs and 22.5 mln dlrs for 1987 and 1986, respectively. Reuter

The Federal Reserve entered thegovernment securities market to arrange three-day systemrepurchase agreements, a spokesman for the New York Fed said.    Federal funds were trading at 7-5/8 pct at the time of thedirect injection of temporary reserves, dealers said. Reuter
Shr profit three cts vs profit one ct    Net profit 129,082 vs profit 36,099    Revs 3,864,187 vs 1,875,919    Nine Mths    Shr loss six cts vs profit two cts    Net loss 303,581 vs profit 110,311    Revs 9,517,242 vs 5,248,105    NOTE: Prior qtr and nine mth figures include extraordinarycredits of 15,000 dlrs and 48,000 dlrs, respectively. Reuter
A shareholder group led by BarrisIndustries Inc &lt;BRSS.O> said it acquired a 9.8 pct stake inMedia General Inc Class A common stock and may seek seekcontorl of the company.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,the group said it holds 2,711,000 shares of Media Generalcommons stock purchased at a total cost of about 108.3 mlndlrs.    In addition to the possible bid for control, the group saidit may purchase additional Media General shares or possiblyseek one or more seats on the company's board of directorsthrough a proxy contest.    A bid for control of Media General would be subject to "arecapitalization or possible restructuring and to possiblechanges in the charter documents and by-laws of the company,"it said.    The group said it had held discussions with third partiesto gauge their interest in joining the shareholder group, butno agreements were reached.    Talks with third parties are expected to continue, theshareholder group said.    Between October 13 and 16, Barris Industries bought1,322,200 shares of Media General Class A common stock 42.50dlrs to 45.50 dlrs a share in open market transactions, andanother 12,000 shares privately. Reuter
Gould Inc said it namedConrad Wredberg president and general manager of itsSemiconducto&#27;[Br Division, based in Santa Clara, Calif.    Wredberg, formerly senior vice president of operations ofthe division, succeeds Robert Penn. Penn was named vicepresident of the Materials and Components Business Section, thecompany said. Reuter

RKO General Inc, a unit of GenCorpInc, said it asked the Federal Communications Commission (FCC)to reverse a preliminary ruling by an agency hearing officerand let it keep its 14 broadcast licenses.    The FCC hearing officer had recommended that all 14 ofRKO's licenses be revoked.    "If the decision is allowed to stand, it will destroy ourright to broadcast," said William Reynolds, GenCorp chairman, ina printed statement. "The decision was based on allegations ofmisconduct that are either in error or have no bearing on ourfitness as a broadcaster." Reuter
S-K-I Ltd and &lt;Goldmine SkiAssociates Inc> said they reached an agreement calling forS-K-I to buy Goldmine's California ski area for approximately10 mln dlrs.    S-K-I, which owns Killlington and Mount Snow ski resorts inVt., said the California ski area is located in the SanBernardino mountains.    The company said it plans to invest approximately 10 mlndlrs into the ski area in the next few years. Reuter
Westin Hotels and Resorts, a subsidiaryof Allegis Corp, said it will hold a press conference onOctober 21 near San Francisco to discuss the pending sale ofthe 61-hotel chain by Allegis.    Allegis has said that it plans to sell Westin buyt has notannounced that a deal has been set. Reuter
Mining group Boliden AB said it hadagreed with Saudi state agency General Petroleum and MineralOrganisation (Petromin) to open a gold mine in Saudi Arabia toexploit one of the world's richest deposits of the metal.    Boliden spokesman Goran Paulson told Reuters the Swedishgroup would  be responsible for the technical side of theoperation and would have no control over the product itself.    He said one option under discussion for refining the goldore would be to ship it to Boliden's Ronnskar copper smelter innorthern Sweden.    Paulson declined to give a figure for the deal but said itwas strategically important since it increased Boliden'spresence in Saudi Arabia.    "Representatives from Petromin have visited Ronnskaralready...We see Saudi Arabia as the expansion area of thefuture," he said.    The new mine, which is being developed at Mahd adh Dhahabin the west of the country and should open in the first half of1988, would have an annual output of about 3,000 kilos of goldsmelted from around 120,000 tons of ore, he said.    Boliden already owns 50 pct of a gold ore deposit in SaudiArabia, but the new venture will be the first Saudi mine toopen in modern times.    "This is a breakthrough for Boliden's sales of miningtechnology and knowhow," said the group's chief executive, KjellNilsson. Reuter
International BusinessMachines Corp said it and NYNEX Corp agreed to participate inan Integrated Services Digital Network field trial scheduled tobegin in April 1988.    The company said the trial is designed to aid in thedevelopment of international standards for Integrated Servicesinterfaces that connect telecommunications networks to displayterminals and other devices.    Integrated Services Digital Network permits thesimultaneous transmission of voice, data, and garphics througha single communications interface, the company said. Reuter
Shr profit 32 cts vs profit nine cts    Net profit 413,000 vs profit 63,000    Avg shrs 1,278,360 vs 728,476    Nine Mths    Shr profit 68 cts vs loss 57 cts    Net profit 708,000 vs loss 415,000    Avg shrs 1,041,697 vs 728,476 Reuter
Qtly div 25 cts vs 25 cts    Pay Nov 16    Record Oct 30 Reuter
Cal Fed Income Partners L.P. said ithas acquired two shopping centers for a total price of 18.4 mlndlrs.    The company said it bought Best Plaza Shopping Center inPleasanton, Calif., For 12 mln dlrs and Bristol Place ShoppingCenter in Santa Ana, Calif., for 16.4 mln dlrs. Reuter
Shr 1.05 dlrs vs 74 cts    Net 5,244,000 vs 3,684,000    Nine Mths    Shr 2.93 dlrs vs 2.14 dlrs    Net 14.6 mln vs 10.6 mln Reuter
Advanced Viral Research Corp said that itsannual shareholders meeting has been rescheduled for November12 from September 14.    The company said the rescheduling was made to meetSecurities and Exchange Commission regulations. It did notelaborate. Reuter
Shr loss primary 82 cts vs profit 15 cts    Shr loss diluted 82 cts vs 13 cts    Net loss 4,134,000 vs profit 649,000    Avg shrs 5,030,000 vs 3,927,000    Nine Mths    Shr loss primary 80 cts vs profit 37 cts    Shr loss diluted 80 cts vs 32 cts    Net loss 3,615,000 vs profit 1,652,000    Avg shrs 4,557,000 vs 3,927,000    Loans 231.2 mln vs 221.5 mln    Deposits 323.3 mln vs 281.9 mln    Assets 368.3 mln vs 346.5 mln    Note: Prior qtr and nine mth figures include operating losscarryforward gains of 105,000 dlrs, or two cts per share and195,000 dlrs, or four cts per share, respectively. Reuter
Shamrock Capital L.P, a limitedpartnership led by Shamrock Holdings Inc, said it completed itssale of Central Soya Co Inc to Ferruzzi Agricola Finanziaria ofItaly.    Under terms of the sale agreement, which was announced onSeptember 15, Ferruzzi acquired all the equity in Central Soyaand assumed subordinated term debt of about 195 mln dlrs in atransaction valued at about 370 mln dlrs. Reuter
Shr 1.02 dlrs vs 96 cts    Net 55.6 mln vs 53.2 mln    Revs 1.3 billion vs 1.2 billion    Nine mths    Shr 3.13 dlrs vs 2.88 dlrs    Net 171.3 mln vs 159.0 mln    Revs 3.8 billion vs 3.5 billion    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths includes one timeafter-tax charge of 14.3 mln dlrs or 26 cts a share forpreviously announced anticipated sale in the fourth quarter ofan investment in Equatorial Communications Co.    1986 amounts restated, increasing net by four cts a share,for change in pension expense accounting.    Backlog on September 30, 1987 was 9.3 billion dlrs, whichcompany said was a record. Reuter
The West German government assumes that thecommitment to international monetary cooperation which wasrenewed in Washington last month will continue, a FinanceMinistry spokesman quoted Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenbergas saying.    Stoltenberg's statement was a reaction to criticism ofrises in West German interest rates voiced by U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker over the weekend. Reuter
Wang Laboratories Inc announced fouradditions to its VS line of minicomputers which it said willoffer double the capacity of the older models they replace.    Company officials told a news conference that Wang willalso announce new entry level and high end computers within thenext 12 months and a family of powerful work stations by theend of this year.    Ian Diery, Wang's senior vice president of U.S. operations,said the new models are lower priced than comparable computersfrom Digital Equipment Corp &lt;DEC>, the world's largest maker ofminicomputers.       Minicomputers are medium sized machines usually used withina department or work group of a larger company and typicallycost between 10,000 and 500,000 dlrs.    The VS 5E will replace Wang's entry level VS 5. Priced at13,000 dlrs, it can support up to 16 users, double the eightsupported by the five and has three times the disc capacity ofthe older system.    The VS 6E can support up to 32 users, double the capacityof the model six it replaces, and has three times the storagecapacity of the older model. The 6E is priced at 22,000 dlrs.       The VS 75E, which replaces the 65, can support 64 users, 60pct more than the older model and has twice the main memorycapacity. It is priced at 44,000 dlrs.    The new VS 7010, which acts as an entry level system forWang's more powerful 7000 family of minicomputers, can supportbetween 30 and 55 users. It is priced at 75,000 dlrs.    All the new systems are now available, Diery said.    Bob Ano, Wang's senior vice president of corporatemarketing, said that before the end of the company's fiscalyear on June 30 it will introduce an entry level computer thatwill have four times the power of the 5E introduced today.       Within the next 12 to 18 months, he said, Wang willannounce a more powerful high-end machine that will offerdouble the price/performance of its 7000 series.    Ano said the new family of work stations planned for thisyear will have a 32-bit semiconductor and be able to supportthe industry standard MS-DOS and UNIX operating systems. Reuter
Securities and Exchange CommissionChairman David Ruder said a brief trading halt has beendiscussed as one way of restoring order to the stock market,but stressed he is not recommending one at present.    Speaking to reporters, Ruder said he has been in frequentcontact with New York Stock Exchange Chairman John Phelan aboutthe market's record drop today.    "I'm not afraid to say that there is some point, and Idon't know what that point is, that I would be quite anxious totalk to the New York Stock Exchange about a very temporary haltin trading," Ruder said.    Ruder, who spoke to reporters after addressing an AmericanStock Exchange-sponsored investors' conference here, said thatthe SEC does not have the legal authority to order a tradinghalt.    Any trading halt, which would probably last no more than ahalf-hour, would have to be approved by the stock exchanges,Ruder said. Reuter
Circle Fine Art Corp said it completed anexclusive license agreement with the Seiyoken Group of Toyko toopen Circle Galleries in Japan.    The first Circle Gallery is to open in Tokyo in ealry 1988,with additional Circle Galleries planned, the company said.    The license agreement is Circle Fine Art's second expansionoutside the U.S. this year. Earlier this year, it formed ajoint venture company in Canada. Reuter

Shr not given    Net loss 69.0 mln vs profit 3,682,000    Revs 258.3 mln vs 229.6 mln    Six mths    Shr loss 58.8 mln vs profit 13.3 mln    Revs 517.9 mln vs 466.5 mln    NOTE: Company recently spun off from Carter Hawley HaleStores Inc &lt;CHH>. Current year net both periods includes 40.8mln dlrs in pretax charges from Carter Hawley Halerestructuring. Reuter
&lt;Sea Gold Oil Corp> said it has agreed to a private-placement financing of 400,000common shares of its unissued capital stock with GulfInternational Minerals Ltd &lt;GIM.V> at 50 cts per share to raise200,000 dlrs Canadian.    The company said one of the conditions of the placement wasthe granting of a first right of refusal to Gulf in the eventthat the company should choose to enter into a joint-ventureagreement on any of its mineral claims currently held in theSkyline area.       If Gulf should sell any of the 400,000 shares, the firstright of refusal will be null and void, the company said.    Proceeds will be used for the continued exploration anddevelopment of the Sea Gold's mining properties. Reuter



Igene Biotechnology Inc said itterminated its license agreement with Hercules Inc &lt;HPC> forthe manufacture of Igene's natural food preservative and moldinhibitor.    It said the cancellation agreed to by both companies.    Igene said its Weyco-Serv product was licensed to Herculesin September 1985.    Under the terms of the agreement, Igene regains all rights,title and interest in its proprietary microorganisms, processand product and will repay out of future products sales certainroyalties.       The cancellation of the contract allows Igene to proceedwith plans to produce NaturServ, a modified version ofWeyco-Serv, the company said. The new product is expected to beavailable early next year, Igene said.    The company also said it plans to build a new multiproductfermentation plant to meet anticipated demand for NaturServ andother company natural products.    Both Weyco-Serv and NaturServ contain high concentrationsof acid salts that naturally inhibit spoilage and molding, thecompany said. Reuter
Arizona Silver Corpsaid diamond drilling on its Burro Creek Mine Property, located65 miles southeast of Kingman, Ariz., has begun.    The company said a report indicated that the Burro Creekproject area which covers 800 acres, could have potentialreserves of three to four mln tons of gold and silvermineralization.    Drill sites have been established and a diamond drillingprogram consisting of an initial 5,000 feet of drilling beganOctober 13, the company said. Reuter
Shr 50 cts vs 35 cts    Net 42.7 mln vs 29.9 mln    Revs 236.5 mln vs 218.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 1.02 dlrs    Net 105.8 mln vs 86.9 mln    Revs 702.5 mln vs 642.5 mln    NOTE: 1987 nine-month earnings include nonrecurring gain ofnine cents a share from sale of the company's Data Cardinvestment. Reuter

&lt;Household Mortgage Corp> said it hasarranged a 200 mln dlr commercial paper program in the U.S.,For which Goldman Sachs and Co will be the sole dealer.    The program will be backed by a letter of credit fromAustralia and New Zealand Banking Corp.    The program also is supported by a multiple option facilityarranged in the Euromarkets in August. REUTER
Transamerica Insurance Group, themain property-liability insurance operation of TransamericaCorp, said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire anewly-formed insurer, Commerical Risk Underwriters InsuranceCo, from &lt;Clarendon Group Ltd>.    Transamerica said the unit, which will be renamedTransamerica Reinsurance Co, will initially be capitalized atabout 185 mln dlrs.    Transamerica said the acquisition represents its first moveinto specialty treaty reinsurance.    The company said about 28 members of Clarendon will joinTransamerica as part of the acquisition, which is expected toclose in November and is subject to various regulatoryapprovals. Reuter
A group of firms led by HongKong-based Industrial Equity (Pacific) Ltd, said it acquired969,515 shares of Triton Oil Corp common stock, or 5.4 pct ofthe company's common stock outstanding.    Industrial Equity (Pacific), which is controlled byBrierley Investments Ltd &lt;BRYW.WE> and which has applied withU.S. antitrust regulators to buy up to 50 pct of Triton'scommon stock, said the current 5.4 pct stake was acquired forinvestment purposes.    The company said it informed Triton of its present "goodfaith intention" to buy more than 15 mln dlrs worth of Tritonstock.    It said it also told Triton it "may depending on marketconditions acquire 50 pct or more and possibly 100 pct of thevoting securities of (Triton)."    It said it received clearance to buy up to 50 pct of thestock on September 11.    Industrial Equity (Pacific) reported it bought 250,000shares of Triton common stock on October 8 at 22.50 dlrs ashare. Reuter

British Sugar Plc was forced to shut itsIpswich sugar factory on Sunday afternoon due to an acuteshortage of beet supplies, a spokesman said, responding to aReuter inquiry    Beet supplies have dried up at Ipswich due to a combinationof very wet weather, which has prevented most farmers in thefactory's catchment area from harvesting, and last week'shurricane which blocked roads.    The Ipswich factory will remain closed until roads arecleared and supplies of beet build up again.    This is the first time in many years that a factory hasbeen closed in mid-campaign, the spokesman added.    Other factories are continuing to process beet normally,but harvesting remains very difficult in most areas.    Ipswich is one of 13 sugar factories operated by BritishSugar. It processes in excess of 500,000 tonnes of beet a yearout of an annual beet crop of around eight mln tonnes.    Despite the closure of Ipswich and the severe harvestingproblems in other factory areas, British Sugar is maintainingits estimate of sugar production this campaign at around 1.2mln tonnes, white value, against 1.34 mln last year, thespokesman said.    British Sugar processes all sugar beet grown in the U.K.    The sugar beet processing campaign, which began last month,is expected to run until the end of January. Sugar factoriesnormally work 24 hours a day, seven days a week during thecampaign.    As of October 11, 12 pct of the U.K. Sugar crop had beenharvested, little different to the same stage last year when 13pct had been lifted. Since then, however, very wet weather hasseverely restricted beet lifting.    Harvesting figures for the week to October 18 are not yetavailable. Reuter
Shr 57 cts vs not given    Net 6,889,000 vs 10.7 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.67 dlrs vs not given    Net 20.1 mln vs 23.0 mln    NOTE: Company went public in November 1986.    1986 net both periods includes 5,642,000 dlr pretax gain onsale of branches.    Net includes securities and loan sales loss 90,000 dlrspretax vs gain 46,000 dlrs in quarter and gains 1,213,000 dlrsvs 2,605,000 dlrs in nine mths and loan losxs provisions125,000 dlrs vs 30,000 dlrs in quarter and 275,000 dlrs vs90,000 dlrs in nine mths. Reuter

Shr eight cts vs six cts    Net 22 mln vs 18 mln    Revs 994 mln vs 910 mln    Nine mths    Shr 19 cts vs 20 cts    Net 55 mln vs 54 mln    Revs 2.9 billion vs 2.7 billion    NOTE: 1987 3rd qtr and nine mths include pre-tax gains offrom antitrust settlement of 2,000,000 dlrs and 6,000,000 dlrsrespectively.    3rd qtr 1986 includes pre-tax gain of 65 mln dlrs from saleof MCI Airsignal subsidiary, and after-tax extraordinary lossof 17 mln dlrs from early redemption of 9-1/2 pct subordinatednotes. Reuter
Shr 1.03 dlrs vs 88 cts    Net 59.5 mln vs 51.9 mln    Revs 641.7 mln vs 557.8 mln    Avg shrs 57.4 mln vs 59.0 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.51 dlrs vs 2.14 dlrs    Net 145.2 mln vs 126.4 mln    Revs 1.71 billion vs 1.47 billion    Avg shrs 57.8 mln vs 59.0 mln       NOTE: 1986 figures restated to reflected change inaccounting methods related to pension expenses. Reuter
CAE Electronics Inc, wholly-owned byCae Industries Ltd, said it received a contract worth nine mlnCanadian dlrs to design and manufacture an A-320 aircraftflight simulator for Lufthansa German Airlines.    It said the simulator is scheduled for delivery in late1989.          Reuter
Phelps Dodge Corp said net earningsnearly tripled in the third quarter on sharply higher copperprices, increased sales and strong earnings from a newchemicals business.    The company also recorded a gain of 21.3 mln dlrs or 57cents a diluted share from a tax loss carryforward and gain onearly debt retirement.    Copper prices averaged 78 cents a pound on the New YorkCommodity Exchange, up from 59 cents in the year-ago quarter.    Net earnings rose to 58.2 mln dlrs or 1.77 dlrs a sharefrom 19.4 mln dlrs or 60 cents a share.    Copper sales rose 10 pct to 112,900 tons in the quarter andoperating earnings from primary metals, mostly copper, grew to54.2 mln dlrs from 11.1 mln dlrs, the company said.    Manufacturing and specialty chemicals had operatingearnings of 17.9 mln dlrs, including Columbian Chemicals,acquired at the end of 1986. In the 1986 quarter, the group'soperating earnings were 5.2 mln dlrs.    Total sales in the quarter more than doubled to 377.4 mlndlrs from 188 mln dlrs.    Nine month net rose 98 pct to 100.3 mln dlrs or 2.80 adiluted share as sales grew 72.8 pct to 1.11 billion dlrs. Reuter
Qtly div 42 cts vs 42 cts prior    Pay December 10    Record November 20 Reuter

Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 1.19 dlrs    Net 151.4 mln vs 152.4 mln    Revs 1.31 billion vs 1.17 billion    Avg shrs 130.0 mln vs 127.6 mln    12 mths    Shr 3.03 dlrs vs 2.85 dlrs    Net 392.7 mln vs 353.0 mln    Revs 4.32 billion vs 4.14 billion    Avg shrs 129.8 mln vs 123.9 mln Reuter

Wang Laboratories Inc expects revenues forthe year ending June 30, 1988, to increase 12 to 15 pct overfiscal 1987 to 3.2 billion dlrs, President Frederick Wang said.    He told a news conference after-tax profit for the yearshould increase by three to five pct.    Earlier Wang said first quarter revenues increased 16 to693 mln dlrs and profits totaled 22.5 mln dlrs, or 14 cts ashare, vs a loss of 30 mln dlrs, or 19 cts a share, in theSeptember quarter last year.       Wang told the news conference the company's orders wereparticularly strong for the high end of its line of VSminicomputers.    "For the past six months the high end really surged" whilethe company's entry level computers dipped slightly, seniorvice president of U.S. operations Ian Diery said.    For the past six months, earnings for both large and entrylevel systems in the U.S. increased by 20 pct, he said..    Wang said the company has seen an overall resurgance in itsbusiness in the U.S. He said the company's business in Europe"remains fairly firm." Reuter
International Multifoods Corpsaid it filed a suit charging Bregman Partners and itsaffiliates unlawfully planned to acquire control of thecompany.    In a suit filed in U.S. District Court, InternationalMultifoods said Bregman Partners and its affiliates, whoreportedly hold 7.4 pct of the company's shares, tried toinduce Multifood's management to join them in an effort to takethe company private and give controlling interest to BregmanPartners. Bregman Partners include the interests of theBelzberg families of Canada.    The complaint also discloses that on each occasion,Multifoods management rejected the group's overtures.    Multifoods is asking Bregman's group to divest its sharesin open market sales in a manner not to further disrupt themarket place, according to the suit. The suit seekscompensatory and punitive damages in an amount to bedetermined.    In addition, Multifoods is seeking to stop Bregman Partnersfrom acquiring any more stock, or voting the shares itreportedly owns, the suit said.    According to Multifoods, the actions proposed by BregmanPartners would prevent shareholders from realizing the fullbenefits of the company's restructuring.    In the past three years, Multifoods has substantiallyaltered its domestic business mix by divesting its U.S.consumere foods operations and emphasizing growth in selectedsegments of the U.S. foodservice industry. Reuter

&lt;Salomon Brothers Inc> is not withdrawingas a market maker in euroyen bonds, contrary to strong marketrumours circulating in London, a London-based spokeswoman forthe company's New York headquarters said.    Earlier, a spokesman for Salomon Brothers' Londonoperations declined to comment at all on rumours that have beencirculating here.    Euroyen bond traders had said they were informallycontacted by their counterparts at Salomon and told that theywould no longer be market makers in those securities.    The traders said that Salomon had not notified theAssociation of International Bond Dealers (AIBD) of its plansto withdraw as a market maker. Under new rules recently adoptedby the AIBD, notification would be required if the firm decidedit no longer wished to make two-way prices at all times ineuroyen bonds.    According to dealers at several Japanese banks, Salomon'seuroyen bond traders have been in a meeting and unavailable tomake prices. Market sources said that Salomon had offered thetraders a chance to remain with the firm if they were willingto trade eurobonds denominated in other currencies.    Dealers noted that at one point this year, euroyen bondissuance had actually outpaced that of eurodollar denominatedbonds, the first time the U.S. Unit has been eclipsed as thecurrency of choice for international borrowers.    Dealers said that given the dollar's recent weakness, theyen could once again top the eurobond issuance tables.    Last week, Salomon Brothers announced it would trim itsworldwide staff by 800 and withdraw from several areas ofbusiness, most specifically short term bank lending. REUTER
Shr 47 cts vs 48 cts    Net 505.0 mln vs 533.0 mln    Revs 8.47 billion vs 8.43 billion    Nine mths.    Shr 1.42 dlrs vs 1.16 dlrs    Net 1.55 billion vs 1.31 billlion    Revs 25.0 billion vs 25.56 billion    NOTE: Full name is American Telephone and Telegraph Co.    NOTE: Prior quarter and nine mth net reduced by 25 mlndlrs, or two cts per share, for estimated costs to reduceworkforce and consolidate various facilities. Prior qtr andnine mths include pretax gain of 73 mln dlrs from damages paidby Republic of Iran and pretax gain of 40 mln dlrs from changein company's ownership in ING C. Olivetti SpA. After tax thesegains added 68 mln dlrs, or six cts per shr, to net income.    Prior qtr and nine mth results were previously restated toreflect a change in depreciation methods that reduced netincome by 175 mln dlrs, or 16 cts per share. Reuter
Shr loss 13 cts vs loss 20 cts    Net loss 1,343,266 vs loss 2,086,086    Revs 82.3 mln vs 80.3 mln    Year    Shr loss 1.83 dlrs vs profit 1.24 dlrs    Net loss 19.2 mln vs profit 13.4 mln    Revs 388.1 mln vs 370.3 mln    NOTE: 1987 year includes charge 15.0 mln dlrs pre-tax forinventory valuation allowance.    1987 year also includes charge 12.8 mln dlrs fromdiscontinued operations. Reuter
The Canadian division of General MotorsCorp will make its first economic offer later Monday in contract negotiations with 40,000 members of the Canadian AutoWorkers, the union said.    The union is seeking the same contract pattern it hasreached at the Canadian units of Ford Motor Co and ChryslerCorp including partial pension indexation and wage increases ineach year of a three-year pact.    The union hareatened to strike at 10 a.m. EDT onThursday unless General Motors of Canada Ltd meets the patternand settles a host of local issues at 11 plants in Quebec andOntario. Reuter
West German government sources said Bonnremained committed to the Louvre Accord to stabilisecurrencies, which was struck by leading western democracies inParis last February.    Over the weekend, U.S. Treasury Secretary James Bakercriticised recent rises in West German short-term interestrates and said such developments were not in the spirit of theLouvre pact. He said the agreement may have to be re-examined.    The sources said the West German interest rate rises had tobe seen in the context of interest rate developments worldwide. Reuter
The recent sharp rise in U.S. interestrates sparked turmoil in the fixed-income markets, butunderwriters said they doubt company treasurers will rush toborrow before rates increase further.    "Corporate treasurers will continue to issue new debt whenthey believe they are borrowing at an attractive rate," said anunderwriter with a major Wall Street house.    Said another, "We will not see a flood of new offerings.Treasurers are reassessing the market. We will not see newissuance dry up either."    Still, the pace of corporate borrowing in the publicfinance market has slowed, according to a Reuter tabulation.    Last week, which was shortened by the Columbus Day holiday,saw issuance of 1.3 billion dlrs of new debt. That was downfrom the prior week's tally of slightly more than two billiondlrs of new debt.    In contrast, a year ago it was not unusual to see thoseamounts of new offerings in a single day as companies tookadvantage of the then decline in interest rates to refinanceold, higher-cost debt or to expand operations via financings atlow, attractive rates, underwriters noted.    "Companies will conduct financings that they believe areessential," said an underwriter with a medium-sized Wall Streetfirm. "But we will not see much more than that until the marketstabilizes."    In the meantime, treasurers will probably prefer shorterterm issues, analysts said. For instance, of last week's nineissues, only one had a maturity of more than 10 years.    The other offerings had maturities of two to seven years,with most clustered in the two to three year area, according toa Reuter tabulation. That is because single-digit interestrates were had last week only among two-year securities.    "If people think that interest rates will continue to headhigher, then we could see treasurers rushing to market," said atrader with a medium-sized securities house.    "But if people think last week's sharp interest rate riseis a fluke, treasurers will sit back and wait for rates todecline before issuing new debt, hoping of course that they arenot missing the boat by doing so," she added.    Another impediment to new issuance is the lukewarmreception to new issues by institutional and retail investorsin recent weeks, traders pointed out. Many investors refrainedfrom buying because they believed rate would rise further.    "We saw a lot of buying interest last week, but people arenot yet willing to pull the trigger," a broker said. "Theywould rather wait and see if the recent rate increase can besustained."    Conflicting forecasts on the likely direction of interestrates did not help, analysts said. For instance, Henry Kaufman,chief economist with Salomon Brothers Inc, said in his weekly"Comments on Credit" that the yields of U.S. Treasury bondswould probably rise further because the marketplace expectsinflation to rise and the dollar to continue to decline.    In contrast, Standard and Poor's Corp said on Friday thatprices of debt securities in the fixed-income markets wouldrecover. The rating agency said neither the economy nor thedollar justify current high yields.    Meanwhile, the Chicago Board of Trade is slated to hold apress briefing on Tuesday in New York about its plans to list afutures contract based on a corporate bond index.    That follows last week's announcement by Commodity ExchangeInc, Comex, that it plans to list on October 29 a new futurescontract based on the investment-grade corporate bond index ofMoody's Investors Service Inc. Reuter
The Canadian division of General MotorsCorp will make its first economic offer later today in contract negotiations with 40,000 members of the Canadian AutoWorkers, the union said.    The union is seeking the same contract pattern it hasreached at the Canadian units of Ford Motor Co &lt;F> and ChryslerCorp &lt;C>, including partial pension indexation and wageincreases in each year of a three-year pact. The union has saidit will strike on 1000 EDT/1400 GMT on Thursday unless GeneralMotors of Canada Ltd meets the pattern and settles local issuesat 11 plants in Quebec and Ontario. Reuter
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp ChairmanWilliam Seidman said he would be concerned about the impact onbanks of a further sharp rise in interest rates.    However, Seidman, attending the American BankersAssociation convention, said he did not expect rates to risemuch higher and said the outlook for the U.S. economy and forbanking was sound.    "The potential for greater interest rate rises gives usconcern. We see nothing right now in the outlook that causes usto believe rates are going much higher or that the economy isnot sound," Seidman told a news conference. Reuter
The Federal Reserve is expected to enterthe government securities market to supply reserves to thebanking system via system repurchase agreements, economistssaid.    Most economists said the Fed would execute three-day systemrepurchases to meet a substantial need to add reserves in thecurrent maintenance period, although some said a moreaggressive add via overnight system repos was possible.    Federal funds opened at 7-5/8 pct and remained at thatlevel late this morning, compared with an average effectiverate of 7.55 pct Friday. Reuter

Inland Steel Co said it and the USSDivision of USX Corp &lt;X> are continuing to pursue plans forconstruction of a state-of-the-art line for continuousprepainting of steel coils.    It said the proposed line will primarily serve theappliance market.    It said a location for the new plant has yet to beselected. Reuter
Shr 40 cts vs 54 cts    Net 4,442,000 vs 6,375,000    Sales 102.8 mln vs 102.5 mln    Avg shrs 11.1 mln vs 11.6 mln    NOTE: Share adjusted for August 1987 five-for-four split. Reuter
Financial Corp of America, inreporting a third quarter loss, said gains on the sale of loansand mortgage-backed securities, which has been the company'smain source of profit during the past two years, fell to 12.4mln dlrs as compared to a 93.4 mln in the third quarter lastyear.    It said the income was reduced by adverse interest ratefluctuations during the quarter.    The company also said it made an additional provision of70.4 mln dlrs to its reserve for losses on loans and realestate, compared with 76.2 mln dlrs a year ago.    Financial Corp said its reserve totaled 1.00 billion dlrsat September 30, 1987, compared with a total of 580.4 mln atthe same time a year ago.    Financial Corp, the nation's largest thrift, reported athird quarter loss of 75.8 mln dlrs, or 2.20 dlrs per share,compared with an 11.6 mln dlr profit last year.    At the end of the quarter scheduled items, or non- orunder-performing assets, were 1.34 billion dlrs, or 4.01 pct oftotal regulatory assets, down from 1.77 billion, or 5.20 pct ofassets at the end of the 1986 third quarter, the company said.    In reporting third quarter results the company also saidits highest priority is to raise capital and strengthen itsfinancial base.    "We are responsible to our shareholders and therefore areexploring several alternatives for achieving value whileraising capital.    "Any proposal to acquire or restructure the company will beviewed by management from this perspective," Financial Corpchairman William Popejoy said in a statement.    Last month Financial Corp executives and Federal Home LoanBank Board members met to discuss a restructuring of FCA, withhelp from the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp, as apossible solution to the company's financial difficulties.    In addition, Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> First Nationwide FinancialCorp, has acknowledged that it is interested in acquiring thecompany.    Financial Corp has said it needs about one billion dlrs tobring its regulatory net worth up to Federal Governmentrequirements.    In  addition, Financial Corp said its real estate groupsold properties totaling 154.8 mln dlrs in book value beforereserves during the quarter and 435.5 mln dlrs of real estatefor the nine months to September 30.    The company also said it had a net deposit decrease of415.4 mln dlrs during the quarter, resulting mainly frominstitutional deposits reacting to the company's pricingstrategy and to its efforts to manage the cost of funds. Reuter
Rorer Group Inc's ArmourPharmaceutical Co said it received Food and Drug Administrationapproval for a blood clotting drug for hemophiliacs.    The company said the drug, monoclate antihemophilic factor,will treat hemophilia A, the most common form of hereditaryblood clotting disorder.    Monoclate is 99 pct free of unwanted contaminants, comparedto other blood products which are less than one pct pure,Armour said. Reuter

Shr 17 cts vs 37 cts    Net 1,783,000 vs 4,028,000    Nine mths    Shr 52 cts vs 1.03 dlrs    Net 5,587,000 vs 11.1 mln Reuter

Shr 30 cts vs 12 cts    Net 2,191,000 vs 852,000    Sales 106.6 mln vs 102.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr 44 cts vs 40 cts    Net 3,236,000 vs 2,919,000    Sales 297.9 mln vs 297.9 mln Reuter

Shr 34 cts vs 62 cts    Net 4,717,000 vs 8,277,000    Revs 213.4 mln vs 158.7 mln    Nine mths    Oper shr 1.18 dlrs vs 1.54 dlrs    Oper net 16.2 mln vs 17.8 mln    Revs 517.2 mln vs 451.4 mln    Avg shrs 13.7 mln vs 11.6 mln    NOTE: 1986 nine mths net exclude204,000 dlr gain fromreversion of pension assets. 1987 net both periods includespretax charge 692,000 dlrs from amortization of goodwill. Reuter

Shr 90 cts vs 84 cts    Net 185.5 mln vs 171.5 mln    Revs 1.08 billion vs 1.07 billion    Nine mths    Shr 1.85 dlrs vs 1.90 dlrs    Net 378.9 mln vs 389.5 mln    Revs 2.67 billion vs 2.69 billion    12 mths    Shr 2.15 dlrs vs 1.87 dlrs    Net 440.7 mln vs 382.0 mln    Revs 3.47 billion vs 3.47 billion Reuter
Industrial Equity (Pacific) Ltd, aHong Kong-based investment firm leading a group holding 19.1pct of Calmat Co's common stock, said it intends to submit toCalmat a proposal for a possible business combination.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Industrial Equity (Pacific) did not disclose details of theproposal, but said it would be delivered to Calmat in the nearfuture.    Industrial Equity (Pacific) "does not intend to remain apassive investor" in Calmat, the firm told the SEC.    In its SEC filing, Industrial Equity (Pacific) said itspresident of North American operations Ronald Langley met withCalmat officials on October 14 to discuss an acquisition of thecompany at a premium over the market price of Calmat stock.    Industrial Equity (Pacific) added it is consideringlaunching a tender offer for Calmat stock or making a mergerproposal to the company, but said it has not decided whether itwill pursue a Calmat acquisition on a non-negotiated basis.    Industrial Equity (Pacific), which currently holds 5.83 mlnCalmat common shares, said it is also evaluating the company'srecently adopted shareholder rights plan and its potentialeffect on Calmat and on possible acquisition proposals made tothe company.    Between October 2 and 14, Industrial Equity (Pacific)bought 918,900 shares of Calmat common stock at 33 dlrs to37.55 dlrs a share, or a total of about 33.8 mln dlrs. Reuter
Kaiser Steel Corp's plant in Napa,Calif, has been purchased by Oregon Steel Mills for 16 mlndlrs, the privately owned Portland company said.    The transaction was approved by the U.S. bankruptcy judgein Denver who is hearing Kaiser Steel's Chapter 11reorganization case.    James Mccaughey, former vice president of sales for Kaiser,has been named general manager for the plant, which will becalled Napa Pipe Corp, Oregon Steel said. Reuter
Shr primary 68 cts vs 34 cts    Shr diluted 65 cts vs 34 cts    Net 129.7 mln vs 52.9 mln    Revs 2.22 billlion vs 2.42 billion    Avg shrs primary 152.1 mln vs 147.1 mln    Avg shrs diluted 199.8 mln vs 147.1 mln    Nine mths    Shr primary 1.89 dlrs vs 1.00 dlrs    Shr diluted 1.84 dlrs vs 1.00 dlrs    Net 361.1 mln vs 145.1 mln       Revs 6.91 billion vs 4.90 billion    Avg shrs primary 151.0 mln vs 146.4 mln    Avg shrs diluted 198.7 mln vs 146.4 mln    NOTE: Earnings per share for 1986 have been restated toreflect 3-for-1 split effective July 8, 1987.    Results for three and nine mths 1986 includes results fromJuly 1, 1986, of Sperry Corp, acquired on Sept 16, 1986, withnet income reflecting ownership in Sperry of about 51 pct forthe months of July and August, and 100 pct for the month ofSept 1986.       Revenue for 1986 periods reflects reclassification ofrevenue of divested Sperry operations to other income with noeffect on net income. Reuter
Shr 24 cts vs 26 cts    Net 959,000 vs 1,033,000    Assets 273.6 mln vs 236.3 mln    Deposits 183.6 mln vs 173.9 mln    Loans 133.3 mln vs 104.9 mln    NOTE: Full name of company is Woburn Five Cents SavingsBank. Reuter
Semi div 12 cts vs 12 cts prior    Pay Nov 10    Record Oct 27 Reuter
Shr 59 cts    Qtly div eight cts vs eight cts prior    Net 1,675,000 vs 1,302,000    Assets 613.3 mln vs 603.5 mln    Deposits 523.7 mln vs 517.8 mln    Loans 469.2 mln vs 449.5 mln    NOTE: 1986 per share figures not available because bankconverted to stock ownership Dec 18, 1986. Dividend payable Dec11 to shareholders of record Nov 13. Full name of company isFirst Federal Savings and Loan Association of Chattanooga. Reuter
Coastal Corp said that effective October16 it had raised posted prices for crude oil by 50 cts abarrel.    The increase brings West Texas Intermediate to 9.00 dlrs abarrel and West Texas Sour to 18.10 dlrs a barrel.    Sun Co &lt;SUN> announced that it would make a 50 cts a barrelincrease late Friday bringing WTI to 19.00 dlrs a barrel andtraders said that other oil companies could be expected toincrease prices. Reuter



An Iowa State University study showedpork contains considerably less fat than indicated bylong-established U.S. Department of Agriculture statistics, theNational Pork Producers Council (NPPC) said.    Six of the seven muscle cuts evaluated in the studyaveraged 4.3 pct fat or less, well below American HeartAssociation guidelines for recommended foods. Eighty pct of allthe raw boneless rib chops evaluated in the study containedless than six pct fat, the NPPC said.    Meanwhile, USDA Handbook 8-10 - long used as theestablished authority on nutrient composition, indicates a fatcontent for center loin pork of 7.3 pct, the NPPC said.    Robin Kline, a dietitian and Director of Consumer Affairsfor the NPPC said he was not surprised at the wide discrepancybetween the study and the USDA handbook.    "Handbook 8-10 is based to a certain extent on informationthat has been accumulated over the past 30 years. Thestatistics in it about pork do not reflect the hog of todaywhich is about 50 pct leaner than it was 20 or 30 years ago,thanks to genetic improvements and better feeding practices,"Kline said.    The study, funded by NPPC with producer checkoff money,evaluated pork carcasses from 47 Iowa producers in categoriesfrom 0.7 to 1.3 inches of backfat. Researchers measured the fatcontent of the seven muscles before cooking, and the fat,moisture and tenderness of cooked boneless rib chops. Reuter
The Soviet Union outlined its economictargets for 1988 on Monday, stressing the need to improvestandards in the country's sluggish engineering industry.    Planning chief Nikolai Talyzin told the Supreme Sovietindustrial output should rise by 4.5 pct in 1988, up from aplanned 4.4 pct in 1987. It rose 3.6 pct in Jan-Sept 1987.    Talyzin said national income, the nearest Soviet equivalentto gross national product, should rise by 4.3 pct against aplanned 4.1 pct this year. Gross national product measures theoutput of a country's goods and services.    He said the Kremlin planned to produce 235 mln tonnes ofgrain in 1988 versus a planned 232 mln this year. Moscowproduced 210 mln tonnes in 1986.    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev has describedmachine-builing as a sector whose rapid modernization isessential if the Soviet Union is to compete effectively onworld markets.    "Certain difficulties have arisen this year in themachine-building industry. The economy is not receiving aconsiderable amount of the equipment that it requires," saidTalyzin, who heads the state planning committee GOSPLAN.    Soviet data show the machine-building industry, which makesmachine tools, instruments and other engineering goods,increased output by 3.3 pct in the first nine months of 1987compared with the same period last year.    However, this was far below the 7.3 pct increase plannedfor the industry for the whole of 1988.    Talyzin said the ruling Politburo had concluded at a recentmeeting that an improvement in economic performance depended toa large extent on conserving resources better. "Large-scalemeasures are planned to save resources," he said.    Finance Minister Boris Gostev told the Supreme Soviet thatdefense spending in 1988 would total 32 billion dlrs, the samefigure as was announced last year.    Western governments view official Soviet estimates fordefense spending as highly understated, but say the real figureis hard to calculate because Soviet military industries areintertwined with the civilian economy.    Talyzin said the Kremlin also decided to increase spendingnext year on medical services, education, pensions and socialinsurance schemes. Reuter
The official Soviet news agency Tassdenounced a U.S. Attack on an Iranian oil-drilling platform inthe Gulf on Monday as military adventurism and said it wouldbring no dividends to the Reagan administration.    Tass commentator Mikhail Krutikhin said the administrationhad embarked on an adventurist path in order to deflectattention from the scandal in which the United States sold armsto Iran and the profits were diverted to Nicaraguan rebels.    "The confrontation is a fact now. What is obvious is thatthe latest military adventure will not bring politicaldividends to the American administration," Krutikhin said.    Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and Foreign Minister EduardShevardnadze abruptly left a parliamentary session earlier onMonday, sparking diplomatic speculation that they wereconcerned with an urgent matter of foreign affairs.    Soviet officials have previously criticized the UnitedStates for sending naval forces into the Gulf, saying theirpresence serves to increase tension.    Moscow is officially neutral in the war between Iran andIraq. It is a major arms supplier to Iraq but has also soughtbroader contacts with Iran in the last year.    Krutikhin said: "The United States has undertaken an act ofarmed aggression against Iran, the probability of which haslong been spoken of by Washington officials." Reuter
U.S. Energy Secretary John Herringtonarrived in Rabat on Monday after a tour of the Gulf and theMiddle East.    Herrington, who is scheduled to meet King Hassan during his24-hour official visit, said on arrival he would discussregional and international issues with Moroccan leaders.    Morocco is the last stop of a tour that has takenHerrington to Iraq, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia andEgypt. REUTER
The International TelecommunicationsUnion, which regulates communications worldwide, decided at theend of a five-week conference to allow mobile phone systems tobe linked with satellites, telecommunications officials said.    Until now, car phones have been linked with land stationsand have been limited mainly to urban areas. The new rulingwill make it easier for calls to be made from remote regions.    The meeting, which finished over the weekend, also decidedto allow a "radio determination satellite system," which wouldenable fleet owners to trace to within about 15 metres themovements of their lorries or cars or ships around the world. Reuter
Qtly div nine cts vs nine cts prior qtr    Pay Nov 25    Record Nov 13    Note: Full name is International Research and DevelopmentCorp Reuter
Shr 57 cts vs 54 cts    Net 39.3 mln vs 37.3 mln    Sales 540.9 mln vs 488.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.30 dlrs vs 1.58 dlrs    Net 158.8 mln vs 108.7 mln    Sales 1.67 billion vs 1.60 billion Reuter
Georgia Gulf Corp said on December One itplans to retire all 50 mln dlrs of its subordinated notes duethrough 1998, resulting in a charge of about 9,900,000 dlrsagainst fourth quarter results.    The company also said its common stock, which now traded onthe NASDAQ system, has been approved for New York StockExchange listing, and NYSE trading is to start November Two. Reuter

IDC Services Inc said a new company willbegin a cash tender offer by October 26 to acquire all of IDC'soutstanding common for 16 dlrs a share.    The company said the offer is being made under a definitiveagreement reached with the new company, IDC Acquisition Corp,formed by Apollo Partners Ltd and investment clients of&lt;Equitable Capital Management Inc>. The agreement calls for theacquisition of IDC for about 62.4 mln dlrs.    IDC Acquisition will also tender for all of IDC'soutstanding nine pct convertible subordinated debentures.       IDC said the merger agreement also provides for payment ofan equivalent amount in respect of employee stock options to becancelled in the merger.    As part of the transaction, the company said, it grantedIDC Acquisition an option to acquire up to 20 pct of thecompany's outstanding shares for 16 dlrs per share.    It said the planned tender offer is subject to severalconditions, including the tendering of over 50 pct of thecompany's outstanding stock.       MIM Holdings Ltd &lt;MIMA.S>, a substantial shareholder inIDC, has agreed it will not buy any additional IDC shares untilFebruary seven and has granted IDC Acquisition a right of firstrefusal on any IDC shares it sells during that period, thecompany said.    It said Apollo Partners was recently organized by threeformer senior Viacom Inc &lt;VIA> executives, Terrence A. Elkes,George C. Catell and Kenneth F. Gorman. Reuter

Shr 1.30 dlrs vs 1.85 dlrs    Net 100,000,000 vs 144,000,000    Sales 1.90 billion vs 1.69 billion    Nine mths    Shr 5.01 dlrs vs 5.27 dlrs    Net 392,000,000 vs 410,000,000    Sales 5.79 billion vs 5.31 billion    Note: 1986 figures include 63 mln dlrs, or 81 cts a share,of net gains from facilities and businesses sold, shut down orimpaired, and other non-recurring income and expenses Reuter
CalFed Inc said strong loan volumeand higher net increase income at its principal subsidiary,the California Federal Savings and Loan Association,contributed to the best third-quarter and nine-month results inthe company's history.    On a per-share basis, CalFed's fully diluted earnings were1.80 dlrs for the third quarter of 1987 and 4.87 dlrs for thenine months ended Sept 30, 1987, compared with 1.75 dlrs and4.76 dlrs in the comparable 1986 period.    CalFed is a 23.1 bln dlr diversified financial-servicescompany.    "Key factors leading to the company's higher earnings werecontinued strong loan volume, an increase in net interestincome and higher earnings from non-real estate sources," saidGeorge Rutland, president and chief executive officer of thefirm of CalFed Inc.    Net earnings in the third quarter of 1987 were 50 mln dlrs,a 3.1 pct gain over 48.5 mln in the same period last year. Theyincreased 3.9 pct in the first nine months of this yearcompared with last year, totalling 134.6 mln dlrs against 129.6mln.    California Federal Savings and Loan Association contributednet earnings of 44.5 mln dlrs for the third quarter of 1987compared with 43.4 mln for the third quarter of 1986. For thenine-month period ended Sept 30, it had net earnings of 116.3mln dlrs against 114.9 mln in the comparable 1986 period.    California Federal's net interest income for the thirdquarter of 1987 rose 18.1 pct to 131.6 mln dlrs, up from 111.4mln for the third quarter of 1986. For the first nine months of1987, it totalled 383 mln dlrs, a 13.9 pct increase over 336.2mln in the comparable 1986 period.    CalFed Inc said that the increase in its subsidiary's netinterest income was a result of higher average balances ofinterest-earning assets for the savings and loan operations.    CalFed said the savings and loan unit's loan originationswere unchanged in the third quarter of 1987 compared with lastyear at 1.8 billion dlrs. But for the first nine months of1987, they rose to 5.4 billion dlrs from 4.9 billion in 1996.    California Federal's provision for loan losses rose to 19.4mln dlrs in the 1987 third quarter compared with 15.5 mln lastyear and to 63.3 mln for first the nine months of 1987 comparedwith 30.6 mln. Reuter

Security Pacific Corp &lt;SPC> saidgrowth in its third-quarter earnings was slowed by the purchaseof Rainier Bancorp and the suspension of interest payments onBrazilian and Ecuadorian loans that were placed on anon-accrual status earlier this year.    The bank said it earned 128.1 mln dlrs in the thirdquarter, up from 118.3 mln a year earlier. On a per-sharebasis, income was 1.16 dlrs a share, up from 1.09 dlrs.    The bank said non-recurring costs of 10.1 mln dlrsassociated with the acquisition of Rainier, a 9.5-billion-dlrSeattle-based concern, cut earnings per share by nine cents.    Security Pacific also said the suspension of interestpayments on the Brazilian and Ecuadorian debt reduced netincome by 8.1 mln dlrs, or seven cents a share.    Security Pacific completed its acquisition of Rainier onAugust 31. Security Pacific's results have been restated toreflect the "pooling-of-interests" acquisition.    "Our third-quarter performance was strong, clearlydemonstrating the stability and balance in our earningsstreams," said Richard Flamson, chairman and chief executiveofficer. "The addition of Rainier," he continued, "adds verysignificantly to the strength of our western banking network."    The inclusion of Orbanco and Arizona Bancwest earningsaffected comparison of most financial categories.    Fully-taxable equivalent net interest income was 602.4 mlndlrs, up from 538.6 mln. The suspension of interest payments onBrazilizan and Ecuadorian debt reduced net interest income by41.9 mln dlrs.    Non-interest income rose to 471.6 mln dlrs from 412.1 mln.    Third-quarter provision for credit losses was 89.6 mlndlrs, down 17.9 mln dlrs. As a percentage of average loans andlease financing, net credit losses were 0.68 pct, down from0.79 pct a year earlier.    Non-performing loans and leases were 2.038 billion dlrs atthe end of the quarter, or 3.96 pct of loans and leases, upfrom 1.377 billion a year ago.    Other non-interest expense, composed of staff and otherexpenses, was 757.6 mln dlrs, up from 616.2 mln. The riseincluded an increase in staff expenses to 379.7 mln dlrs from313.0 mln dlrs.    Excluding Orbanco and Arizona Bancwest, average loans grew11 pct. Real estate and international loan growth had thegreatest rises of 16 pct and 15 pct, respectively.    Shareholders equity was 3.486 billion dlrs at the end ofthe third quarter, up from 3.381 billion.    The primary capital ratio was 7.41 pct, based on period-endcapital and quarterly average assets, up from 7.01 pct a yearearlier. Reuter
IC Industries Inc said its board approveda second major step in the reorganization and restructuring ofthe company.    To implement the plan of sharpening its strategic focus onconsumer goods and services, the company will give seriousconsideration to the sale of its Pneumo Abex, its aerospace anddefense company, if it can realize a price which will returnmaximum value to shareholders.    In 1986, Pneumo Abex had operating income of 118.1 mln dlrson sales of 900.5 mln dlrs.    IC said it will use the proceeds of any asset sale toinvest in new high-return businesses in the consumer goods andservices field.    The company said it authorized a program to repurchasebetween 500 mln dlrs and 1.0 billion dlrs of IC's common stockfrom time to time when conditions warrant.    It also said it will begin an immediate cost-reductionprogram to cust annual operating expenses by 50 mln dlrs.    An IC spokesman said the cost-reduction program involved"across-the-board" cuts rather than specific about targetedareas.    IC's board earlier approved a plan to spin off thecompany's Illinois Central Gulf Railroad to shareholders. Thecompany's other major subsidiaries are Pet Inc, Pepsi-ColaGeneral Bottlers, Midas International Corp and Hussmann Corp. Reuter


Shr 1.92 dlrs vs 58 cts    Net 27.9 mln vs 9,480,000    Sales 176.4 mln vs 137.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr 3.87 dlrs vs 1.69 dlrs    Net 56.7 mln vs 27.6 mln    Sales 505.6 mln vs 438.5 mln Reuter
Shr loss 2.20 dlrs vs profit 24 cts    Net loss 75.8 mln vs profit 11.6 mln    Avg shrs primary 35.9 mln vs 36.5 mln    Avg shrs diluted 39.3 mln vs 39.9 mln    Nine mths    Shr primary loss 7.04 dlrs vs profit 1.69 dlrs    Shr diluted loss 7.04 dlrs vs profit 1.64 dlrs    Avg shrs primary 35.9 mln vs 37.2 mln    Avg shrs diluted 39.3 mln vs 46.6 mln       Net loss 243.4 mln vs profit 72.2 mln    Assets 33.4 billion vs 34.1 billion    Loans 10.8 billion vs 12.0 billion    Deposits 16.9 billion vs 17.0 billion    NOTE: Net includes FSLIC sepcial assessment loss of5,429,000 vs 5,193,000 in qtr 1987 vs 1986, and 16.3 mln vs16.0 mln in nine mths 1987 vs 1986.    Net includes gain from sale of mortgage-backed securitiesand loans of 12.4 mln vs 93.4 mln, and 139.7 mln vs 264.0 mlnin nine mths 1987 vs 1986.       Net includes gain from sale of investments of 64,000 in qtr1987, and 157,000 vs 1,231,000 in nine mths 1987 vs 1986.    Net includes provision for losses and discounts of 70.4 mlnvs 76.2 mln in qtr 1987 vs 1986, and 315.7 mln vs 161.7 mln innine mths 1987 vs 1986.    Nine mths 1987 included write off of FSLIC secondaryreserve of 22.7 mln. Reuter
Arnox Corp said a specialcommittee of its board is continuing talks with &lt;TXL Corp> onthe terms of TXL's offer to acquire Arnox at 10 dlrs per share.    It said TXL has arranged preliminary financing. Reuter
shr profit 1.18 dlrs vs profit 1.15 dlrs    net profit 219.2 mln vs profit 211.5 mln    nine mths    shr loss 84 cts vs profit 3.72 dlrs    net loss 140.8 mln vs profit 682.4 mln    assets 79.69 billion vs 71.99 billion    loans 33.93 billion vs 35.33 billion    deposits 45.68 billion vs 41.22 billion    NOTE: 1987 nine mths include previously reported 875 mlndlr addition to loan loss reserve in 2nd qtr for ldc debts Reuter


Australian Minister for TradeNegotiations Michael Duffy said his country and Third Worldcommodity producers have formed an effective lobby groupagainst farm export subsidies and market access restrictions.    Duffy told a press conference the Cairns Group of 14 majoragricultural producers, to which Australia and Thailand belong,has emerged as an important third force in any multilateraltrade talks. "There's no doubt that the Cairns Group is beingseen as a third force to be reckoned with both inside theGeneral Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and in otherinternational trade negotiations," he said.    Duffy, here on a three-day visit after talks in the UnitedStates, The European Community (EC) and Latin America, saidconsiderable progress has been made by the group towardsfighting costly protectionist policies pursued by developedcountries.    The minister said the EC Commission's new farm trade paperwill recognise the heavy financial burdens imposed by itsCommon Agricultural Policy and its future expansion.    He said the Reagan Administration has also displayed adetermination to resist the currently strong protectionistsentiment in the U.S. Congress. Reuter
Turkey's current account deficit widenedin July to 674 mln dlrs from 454 mln in June but fell from 1.22billion in July last year, the State Statistics Institute said.    The cumulative trade position in July showed a 1.85 billiondlr deficit after 1.33 billion in June and 1.89 billion a yearearlier, with exports at 4.91 billion and imports, both FOB, at6.76 billion.    The government aims to narrow the current account deficitfor the whole of 1987 to 975 mln dlrs, compared with 1.52billion last year, up from 1.01 billion in 1985.    Bankers forecast the 1987 deficit will exceed one billiondlrs,  because a spurt in exports is expected to slowconsiderably in the last five months following a massivedrawdown of inventories. REUTER
IBC Acquisition Corp said it receivedabout 8,857,807 Interstate Bakeries Corp shares in response toits tender offer for up to 8,053,181 shares that expiredOctober 16, and it will purchase about 90.9 pct of the sharestendered.    It said a final proration factor should be announced andpayment for shares start October 26.    IBC is made up of Interstate management, First Boston Inc&lt;FBC> and George K. Braun and Co. Reuter
&lt;Kaiser Steel Corp>'s plant inNapa, Calif., has been purchased by Oregon Steel Mills for 16mln dlrs, the privately owned Portland company said.    The transaction was approved by the U.S. bankruptcy judgein Denver who is hearing Kaiser Steel's Chapter 11reorganization case.    James Mccaughey, former vice president of sales for Kaiser,has been named general manager for the plant which will becalled Napa Pipe Corp, Oregon Steel said. Reuter
American Vision Centers Inc said MichaelC. Barlerin has been elected president and chief operatingofficer of the company, replacing Robert S. Cohen, who willremain a member of the company's board.    Barlerin was previously senior vice president and directorof marketing for Zale Corp.    American Vision also said two Kay Corp &lt;KAY> officers,Anthonie C. van Ekris and Thomas E. Hitselberger, and John C.Belknap, chief financial officer of Seligman and Latz Inc, wereelected to American Vision's board.       Kay last week completed the acqusition of 52 pct ofAmerican Vision's outstding shares.    The new members will succeed Alan R. Cohen, Edward M. Cohenand Robert Gertler.    Separately, American Vision said its board has approved aproposal to borrow up to 2.5 mln dlrs from Kay AcquisitionCorp, a unit of Kay Corp, for additional working capital.    The loan, which is subject to a number of conditions, wouldinclude a market rate of interest and would be in the form of asenior convertible debt instrument.    American Vision owns and franchises retail eyecare stores. Reuter
Millipore Corp filed with theSecurities and Exchange Commission for a proposed offering ofup to 75 mln dlrs of convertible subordinated debentures dueNovember 15, 2012.    First Boston Corp and Alex. Brown and Sons Inc will act asunderwriters for the proposed offering.    Millipore said it will use proceeds from the offering torepay debt and for general corporate purposes. Reuter
Xidex Corp said Lester L.Colbert Jr. will be succeeded as president and chief executiveofficer by executive vice president and chief operating officerBert Zaccaria but will remain chairman.    The company said Colbert has decided to take a less activerole in management. Reuter
CMS Energy Corp, parent ofConsumers Power Co, said the fivefold improvement in its thirdquarter earnings was the result of higher electric sales.    The company also cited its ongoing refinancing programwhich it said significantly reduced high-cost debt andpreference stock, and capitalized interest on assets which willbe used in the company's Midland cogeneration venture.    CMS reported quarterly earnings of 56.0 mln dlrs, or 65 ctsa share, up from 8.8 mln dlrs, or 10 cts a share a yearearlier. It said electric sales were up 4.6 pct due tocontinued economic growth and warmer than normal weather. Reuter
Dahlberg Inc said it completed apreviously announced agreement with Sears, Roebuck and Co tooperate hearing aid centers in sears stores on a nationalbasis.    Dahlberg currently operates some 142 hearing aid centers ona concession basis in Sears stores.    In connection with the program, the company said it grantedSears an option to buy up to 300,000 shares of Dahlberg stockat 12 dlrs a share. Reuter
Alliant Computer Systems Corp&lt;ALNT.O> said it introduced a parallel vector minisupercomputerpriced at less than 100,000 dlrs.    The company said the new FX/4 makes multi-usersupercomputing affordable for the first time to workgroups inindustrial and commercial markets.    The company said it also introduced high-performancecompiler and algorithm products for the FX/Series systems.       Alliant said it achieved the low price for the FX/4 througha combination of new packaging technology and cost decreasesdue to semiconductor price improvements and manufacturingefficiencies.    The company also released the FX/C compiler, which it saidcan double the performance of C programs.    The company said its newly released algorithm products, theFX/Linpack and FX/Eispack libraries, are collections ofmathematical subroutines that programmers can call from allAlliant languages. Reuter
Carson Pirie Scott and Co said it plansto start mailing proxy materials to stockholders in connectionto a November 16 special meeting at which holders will be askedto consider a previously announced agreement with GreyhoundCorp &lt;G>.    Under the agreement, Greyhound will acquire, in a merger,three of the company's foodservice operations - DobbsInternational Services, Dobbs Houses and Carson international.    If the transaction is approved, Carsons said itsstockholders will receive 30 dlrs cash and one share of commonin the new Carson Pirie Scott and Co for each share held. Reuter
The Philippine Senate approved a proposalto repay loans owed by a private company to speed up thesigning of a 13.2 billion dlr rescheduling agreement withforeign banks.    It concerns a Barclays Bank managed loan to fertilizercompany Planter Products Inc, said Teofisto Paterno, chairmanof the foreign debt committee.    President Corazon Aquino had accused some creditor banks of"non-too-subtle coercion" in threatening to refuse to sign therescheduling accord until the loan problem was settled.    Over 30 of Philippines' 483 creditor banks still have tosign the agreement before the November 15 deadline. REUTER
Shr 57 cts    Net 6,889,000 vs 10.7 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.67 dlrs    Net 20.1 mln vs 22.9 mln    Assets 1.63 billion vs 1.47 billion    Deposits 1.17 billion vs 1.19 billion    Loans 1.25 billion vs 936.5 mln    NOTE: 3rd qtr and nine mths 1986 per share figures notavailable because bank converted to stock form Nov 28, 1986. Reuter
FW Woolworth and Co said that 2,223,996shares of Armel Inc's &lt;AML> common stock were tendered to andaccepted for payment by Woolworth, under the terms of thepreviosuly announced cash tender offer which expired at 2400midnight EDT on October 16.    In addition, Woolowrth said 137,367 Armel shares have beentendered subject to guaranteed delivery.    Woolowrth said as a result of the tender offer and optionswhich it has exercised to purchase Armel stock, FWW AcquisitonCorp, a Woolworth unit, today expects to own about 91.75 pct ofAmrel's outstanding stock.       Woolworth said the percent it owns does not include 583,650Class A shares of Armel, which were tendered or will bepurchased pursuant to the options.    As previuosly announced, FWW will now proceed with the cashmerger in which all shares of Armel, other than those held byFWW or Woolworth, will be entitled to receive 7.75 dlrs pershare. Woolworth said it expects to consummate the deal laterthis year.    Armel is a specialty retailer of a broad line of athleticand leisure footwear, accessories and other sportswear. Reuter
Shr 15 cts vs 13 cts    Net 1,352,000 vs 1,210,000    Revs 5,953,000 vs 3,309,000    Nine mths    Shr 36 cts vs 27 cts    Net 3,257,000 vs 2,416,000    Revs 16.6 mln vs 9,705,000    NOTE: If FASB adopts accounting changes, then 1987 3rd qtrper share results will be restated to 22 cts, and 54 cts ashare for 1987 nine mths. Reuter
Shr profit three cts vs loss two cts    Net profit 107,000 vs 87,000 loss    Revs 6,769,000 vs 4,992,000    Nine mths    Shr profit 21 cts vs loss nine cts    Net profit 778,000 vs loss 314,000    Revs 21.9 mln vs 13.9 mln Reuter
Sun Microsystems Co's TOPSsubsidiary said it will have upgraded versions of its NetPrintand LAN -- local area network -- software packages availableearly next month.    The company said version 2.0 of its NetPrint will beavailable November 10 at a suggested retail price of 189 dlrs.NetPrint is software that enables International BusinessMachines Corp &lt;IBM> personal computers and compatibles printdirectly to Apple Computer Inc &lt;AAPL.O> LaserWriters or otherPostScript compatible printers on an AppleTalk network.       TOPS said it will begin shipping version 2.0 of its LANsoftware packages providing file sharing among Apple macintoshcomputers, IBM PCs and compatibles, and UNIX-based systems toretailers November six.    It said the TOPS/DOS version 2.0, which will have asuggested retail price of 189 dlrs, allows PCs on the networkto access dedicated printers fomerly availabe to only one user.       The TOPS/Macintosh version 2.0, also listed at 189 dlrs,introduces a "remember" function that allows users to makefiles available to the network and access remote filesautomatically. In addition, the software is now fullycompatible with all Apple File Protocol applications.    Both LAN's include FlashTalk, a recently announced PC-to-PCcommunications architecture that operates at three-times TOPS'AppleTalk speed and is slated to sell for 239 dlrs.        Reuter
New York-based Prospect Group Inc&lt;PROSZ.O> said it acquired 527,000 shares of BrinkmannInstruments Inc common stock, or 14.3 pct of the scientificinstrument maker's common stock outstanding.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Prospect Group said it bought the 527,000 Brinkmann shares inopen market transactions between August 12 and October 16 at9.62 dlrs to 11.50 dlrs, or a total of 5.69 mln dlrs.    Prospect Group said it bought the stock "to establish asignificant minority equity interest in the company," but doesnot intend to seek control of Brinkmann at the present time.    Prospect Group said it will review its investmentobjectives regarding Brinkmann as warranted by marketconditions, the company's performance, and other factorsincluding discussions with Brinkmann management. Reuter


Warner Communications Inc said itsWarner Communications Investors Inc unit acquired stock andwarrants representing 416,668 shares of Berkey Inc commonstock, or the equivalent of 8.2 pct of the company's commonstock outstanding.    In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission,Warner Communications Investors said it paid about one mln dlrsto Berkey on September 23 to acquire 104,167 shares of BerkeySeries B convertible preferred stock.    The preferred stock is convertible into 208,334 Berkeycommon shares, and warrants to buy another 208,334 shares.    Warner Communications and its subsidiary said the Berkeystock is held as an investment which they will review andevaluate from time to time. Reuter
Oper shr 59 cts vs 49 cts    Oper net 54.7 mln vs 44.8 mln    Sales 1.04 billion vs 921.4 mln    Nine mths    Oper shr 2.22 dlrs vs 1.62 dlrs    Oper net 203.8 mln vs 150.4 mln    Sales 3.14 billion vs 2.87 billion    Avg shrs 91.6 mln vs 93.1 mln    NOTE: 1986 share data restated to reflect 100 pct stockdividend distributed June 12       1987 operating net in both periods excludes additional gainof 11.6 mln dlrs, or 13 cts a share, associated with 1985 saleof Formica Brand Products Group business    1987 nine month operating net includes pre-tax gain of 12.0mln dlrs, equal to about 13 cts a share, from sale ofJacqueline Cochran businesses Reuter
Shr 71 cts vs 49 cts    Net 64.3 mln vs 43.7 mln    Revs 838.2 mln vs 742.6 mln    Avg shrs 89.9 mln vs 89.9 mln Reuter
Shr 1.62 dlrs vs 1.49 dlrs    Net 321.8 mln vs 297.9 mln    Revs 2.59 billion vs 2.49 billion    Avg shrs 198.8 mln vs 199.5 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.80 dlrs vs 4.48 dlrs    Net 955.4 mln vs 895.2 mln    Revs 7.70 billion vs 7.32 billion    Avg shrs 199.0 mln vs 199.7 mln Reuter
Shr profit 14 cts vs loss 19 cts    Net profit 22.5 mln vs loss 30.0 mln    Revs 693.0 mln vs 597.9 mln    Avg shrs 166.0 mln vs 154.2 mln    NOTE: Prior year net includes five mln dlr tax credit. Reuter
Shr 98 cts vs 70 cts    Net 12.3 mln vs 8,699,000    Sales 284.7 mln vs 280.7 mln    Nine mths    Shr 2.83 dlrs vs 2.23 dlrs    Net 35.3 mln vs 27.6 mln    Sales 824.6 mln vs 818.4 mln    NOTE: Share adjusted for December 1986 three-for-two split. Reuter
NUI Corp said it is studyingthe feasibility of spinning off nonutility subsidiaries toshareholders.    The company said its propane disution, natural gas spotmarketing, data processing, oil and natural gas exploration andproduction, natural gas gathering and underground pipereplacement businesses had sales for the year ended September30 of about 74 mln dlrs, or about 25 pct of total companysales.  NUI's major subsidiary is utility Elizabethtown Gas. Reuter

Telex Corp said its board has directedmanagement and financial advisor Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc toinvestigate possible alternatives to the tender offer of AsherEdelman's TLX Partners for all Telex shares that may includeseeking other purchasers for Telex.    The company said the board at an October 16 meeting decidedto defer until a board meeting later this week a recommendationon the Edelman offer and said the board expects to make arecommendation by October 23. Reuter


Today's sharp sell-off of Swiss stocks andmatching falls around Europe may have been overdone, but themood on financial markets is precarious, Swiss securitiesanalysts and economists said.    Panic selling took Swiss shares down six pct at the openingon enormous volume, triggered by the slide on Wall Street andthe threat of renewed currency instability.    "I have never experienced anything like this, and I've beenin the business for 20 years," said Bernhard Wyttenbach, head ofEuropean research at Union Bank of Switzerland.    The analysts blamed the sell-off in Europe on U.S. Monetaryauthorities. This weekend, U.S. Treasury Secretary James Bakerpublicly voiced his displeasure with West German monetarypolicy. He said the eight-month-old Louvre accord to stabilisecurrencies was still working, but added: "On the other hand, wewill not sit back and watch surplus countries jack up interestrates and squeeze growth on the expectation that the UnitedStates will raise rates."    Hans Peter Ast of Societe Generale Alsacienne (Sogenal) inZurich said: "The situation is very dangerous. Statements by theU.S. Authorities have fuelled anxiety about interest rates."    Herbert Fritschi, director of Zurich Cantonal Bank'sfinancial research department, called the sell-off "overdone,"but warned that the situation could worsen unless central banksloosen their monetary policy.    "I think the trend toward higher interest rates is over," hesaid. "The Federal Reserve and the Bundesbank have to step inwith an easy money policy, or else there is going to be aneconomic catastrophe. They have to act quickly."    Wyttenbach said the "Black Monday" sell-off was clearlyexaggerated, with Swiss Reinsurance Co participationcertificates falling 20 pct in value at one point.    But Wyttenbach said he did not believe that a correctionwould come soon. First, the bad news will reach small investorsonly in time for tomorrow's market, when there could beanother, smaller selling wave.    "As soon as the dollar stabilises -- and that's the key --then we'll get a strong movement upward," Wyttenbach said. Butthat may not come soon.    "People are simply worried that in America, where the markethas now fallen by 18 pct since August, the bull market is over,"he said. "People are afraid that we'll have a recession in 1988."    Baker was wrong to blame the West Germans for the currentproblems and the weak dollar, Wyttenbach said. "We do not have amark problem, we have a dollar problem," he added, but said thebiggest culprit was the new chairman of the U.S. FederalReserve Board, Alan Greenspan.    Wyttenbach recalled that Greenspan had suggested that thedollar might be too high in the medium term and that interestrates might have to rise. "As a central banker he shouldn't dothat," Wyttenbach said. "There is a danger that we will fall backinto the 1970s," he said. "We have a real crisis of confidence inGreenspan. I would much rather have a Volcker."    Paul Volcker retired as Fed chairman on August 11.    Cantonal Bank's Fritschi said: "I'm relatively optimisticbecause the situation looks too bad. The Fed certainly has tointervene."    He said he did not expect the Swiss National Bank to takeany significant steps, adding that the focus of attentionremains on the United States.    "The panic started in New York, it has to end there."    The Cantonal Bank sent an advisory to customers suggestingthey not sell into a panicked market, but wait a while beforedeciding what to do. REUTER
Soviet Planning chief Nikolai Talyzin toldthe Supreme Soviet (parliament) industrial output is planned torise by 4.5 pct in 1988, up from a planned 4.4 pct in 1987.    In the first nine months of this year, industrial outputrose by 3.6 pct.    Talyzin said national income, the nearest Soviet equivalentto gross national product, is planned to rise by 4.3 pctagainst a planned 4.1 pct this year.    He said grain production is planned at 235 mln tonnes in1988, compared with a planned 232 mln this year.    The Soviet Union produced 210 mln tonnes of grain in 1986and the Soviet press has said heavy rain has affected theharvest this year.    Talyzin said the 1988 Soviet plan stressed the engineeringindustry, which Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev has describedas a sector where rapid modernisation is essential if theSoviet Union is to compete effectively on world markets.    "Certain difficulties have arisen this year in themachine-building industry. The economy is not receiving aconsiderable amount of the equipment that it requires," saidTalyzin, who heads the state planning committee Gosplan.    Soviet data show the machine-building industry, which makesmachine tools, instruments and other engineering goods,increased output by 3.3 pct in the first nine months of thisyear against the same period of 1986. This is well below the7.3 pct rise planned for the industry for all of 1988.    Talyzin said the ruling Politburo concluded at a recentmeeting that an improvement in economic performance depended toa large extent on conserving resources better. "Large-scalemeasures are planned to save resources," he said.    Finance Minister Boris Gustev told the Supreme Sovietdefence spending in 1988 would total 20.2 billion roubles, thesame as announced last year.    Talyzin said the Kremlin also had decided to increasespending next year on medical services, education, pensions andsocial insurance schemes    He said state expenditures in these fields would reach 171billion roubles in 1988, or 3.5 billion roubles more than hadoriginally been envisaged in the 1986-1990 Five-Year Plan. REUTER


The Commodity Futures TradingCommission (CFTC) said the Kansas City Board of Trade's (KCBT)one-minute audit trail system was adequate and accurate.    But in its second rule enforcement review of an exchange'saudit trail system, CFTC said KCBT needed to provide a moreaccurate indication of the percent of trades that meet theone-minute timing standard.    CFTC also recommended the exchange develop a computerizedprogram to compare time and sales prints to the record oftrades in its trade register. Reuter

Cooper Companies Inc filed with theSecurities and Exchange Commission for a proposed offering ofup to 300 mln dlrs of senior extendible notes set to mature onJanuary 1, 1993.    Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc will act as an underwriter forthe proposed offering, Cooper said.    Proceeds from the offering will be used to repay debt, forgeneral corporate purposes, and to support future growth. Reuter
Restaurant Associates Industries Incsaid the management group led by chairman Martin Brody andpresident Max Pine through October 16 had received 1,796,727Class A and 1,766,091 Class B shares in response to its tenderoffer for all shares at 18 dlrs each, giving thema majority ofeach class of shares.    The company said the tender has been extended untilNovember 6. Reuter
Shr 13 cts vs 22 cts    Net 5,452,000 vs 9,789,000    Sales 155.7 mln vs 135.1 mln    NOTE: Prior year net includes gain 6,556,000 dlrs from saleof shares of Seagate Technology Corp &lt;SGAT.O>. Reuter
shr 1.99 dlrs vs 2.05 dlrs    diluted shr 1.80 dlrs vs 1.75 dlrs    net 50.0 mln vs 48.5 mln    nine months    shr 5.37 dlrs vs 5.69 dlrs    diluted shr 4.87 dlrs vs 4.76 dlrs    net 134.6 mln vs 129.6 mln Reuter

Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor tradersand commission house representatives are guesstimating today'shog slaughter at about 305,000 to 320,000 head versus 291,000 aweek ago and 282,000 a year ago.    Cattle slaughter is guesstimated at about 128,000 to132,000 head versus 128,000 week ago and 130,000 a year ago. Reuter
Gencorp's RKO General said it hasasked the Federal Communication scommission to reverse anadministrative law judge's decision to revoke all 14 of thecompany's broadcast licenses.    RKO General said "the decision was based on allegations ofmisconduct that are either in error or have no bearing on ourfitness as a broadcaster."    It said the decision did not challenge the quality of ourbroadcasting. Yet, if the decision is allowed to stank, it willdestroy our right to broadcast." Reuter
Shr 1.16 dlrs vs 1.09 dlrs    Net 128.1 mln vs 118.3 mln    Avg Shrs 108.8 mln vs 105.7 mln    Nine Months    Shr 40 cts vs 3.12 dlrs    Net 53.2 mln vs 335.1 mln    Avg Shrs 108.0 mln vs 105.2 mln    Note: Prior-period data have been restated to include on apooling-of-interest basis the August 31, 1987, acquisition ofRainier Bancorporation. Reuter
Shr 1.77 dlrs vs 60 cts    Net 58.2 mln vs 19.4 mln    Revs 377.4 mln vs 188.0 mln    Nine mths    Shr 3.10 dlrs vs 1.51 dlrs    Net 100.3 mln vs 50.6 mln    Revs 1.11 billion vs 639.7 mln    NOTE: 3rd qtr 1987 net includes about 3,000,000 dlrsafter-tax extraordinary gain on retirement of debt. Reuter
Shr 70 cts vs 54 cts    Net 16.7 mln vs 12.5 mln    Revs 343.6 mln vs 323.1 mln    Avg shrs 23.9 mln vs 24.8 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.98 dlrs vs 1.23 dlrs    Net 46.9 mln vs 27.8 mln    Revs 960.5 mln vs 893.2 mln    Avg shrs 24.2 mln vs 24.9 mln       NOTE: 1986 figures reflect the adjustment for 3-for-2 splitin May 1987.    Net for nine mths 1987 includes a cumulative effect of achange in accounting for gain on pension assets reversion of10.1 mln or 42 cts a shr. Reuter
American Telephone and Telegraph Co saidit plans to build a new computer that incorrates a unifiedversion of its UNIX System IV operating system and SunMicrosystems Inc's recently annouced SPARC micropocessor.    The SPARC chip is based on reduced instruction-setcomputing, or RISC, technology.     ATT said the version of UNIX used by the new computer willincorporate po;ular features of the Berkeley 4.2 system, adirative of the UNIX system used widely in scientific andengineering markets, as well as features of SunOs, a variant ofthe Berkely system sold by Sun.    ATT said it would take 18 months to two years to developnew computers based on the Sun microchip and the merged versionof the UNIX operating system.    Vittorio Cassoni, president of ATT's newly-formed DataSystems Group, said the company will not offer the new machinesuntil the merged version of UNIX is completed.    "It's the software that will determine the availability ofproducts based on SPARC," he said.    Eventually ATT's entire line of 3B mini computers will beconverted to the SPARC architecture, Cassoni said.       The investment of all current users will be protected,meaning that they will be able to maintain the software used onthe current 3B line, he said.    Cassoni also said ATT's sales of computers declined in thefirst nine months of the year compared with the first ninemonths of last year.    The lower sales were primarily the result of ATT'stransition to a new line of computers, he said.    However, "demand for the new products is way, way aboveexpectation," he stated. Reuter


Shr 42 cts vs 21 cts    Net 19.1 mln vs 9,528,000    Sales 101.2 mln vs 65.6 mln    Avg shrs 46.0 mln vs 46.0 mln    Nine mths    Shr 1.08 dlrs vs 69 cts    Net 49.1 mln vs 32.7 mln    Sales 280.0 mln vs 201.0 mln    Avg shrs 45.6 mln vs 47.4 mln    NOTE: Share adjusted for February 1987 two-for-one split. Reuter

Iran said U.S. Naval forces attacked twoof its oil platforms in the southern Gulf on Monday afternoon,the Iranian news agency IRNA reported.    IRNA, received in Nicosia, said an informed source at theIranian oil ministry identified the two platforms as Resalatand Reshadat, about 60 miles from Iran's Lavan island oilstorage site.    Regional shipping sources earlier said three Iranianoffshore oil sites at Sassan, Rostam and Rakhsh had beenattacked at 7.00 A.M. (0300 GMT) on Monday by unidentifiedaircraft.    In Washington, U.S. Defence Secretary Caspar Weinbergersaid four U.S. Destroyers attacked and destroyed an Iranian oilplatform about 120 miles east of Bahrain. REUTER



Oper shr loss 82 cts vs profit 12 cts    Oper net loss 4,134,000 vs profit 544,000    Avg shrs 5,030,000 vs 3,927,000    Nine mths    Oper shr loss 80 cts vs profit 32 cts    Oper net loss 3,615,000 vs profit 1,457,000    Avg shrs 4,557,000 vs 3,927,000    NOTE: 1986 net excludes tax loss carryforwards of 105,000dlrs in quarter and 195,000 dlrs in nine mths.    1986 quarter net includes 212,000 dlr tax credit.    1987 net both periods includes 3,700,000 dlr addition toloan loss reserves due mostly to one out-of-state real estatetransaction. Reuter
Shr 95 cts vs 36 cts    Net 9,100,000 vs 3,300,000    Revs 143.7 mln vs 132.4 mln    Avg shrs 9,884,000 vs 9,780,000    Nine mths    Shr 2.77 dlrs vs 1.49 dlrs    Net 26,600,000 vs 19,000,000    Revs 401.8 mln vs 385.2 mln    Avg shrs 9,871,000 vs 12,565,000    NOTE: 1986 earnings include a loss from discontinuedoperations of 1,000,000 dlrs, or 10 cts a share in the quarterand a gain of 2,500,000 dlrs, or 19 cts a share for the ninemonths Reuter
Rising service payments on Kenya's threebillion dlr external debt will absorb nearly all the 1.1billion dlrs of foreign aid likely over the next four years,President Daniel arap Moi said.    "While we expect to receive 18.3 billion Kenyan shillings inthe form of external loans for our development programs in thenext four years, we will be repaying more than 13.5 billion...By way of external debt servicing...," Moi told a conference ofAmerican businessmen in Nairobi.    The president added that if developing countries continueto experience foreign exchange outflows on this scale, manywill be unable to sustain a level of imports necessary toensure economic growth. He called on the internationalcommunity to ensure a real transfer of resources from theindustrialised to the developing countries.    Moi said Kenya had so far met all obligations regarding itsforeign debt, which his government has never tried toreschedule. REUTER

Shr 38 cts vs 29 cts    Net 21.3 mln vs 15.8 mln    Revs 102.6 mln vs 66.8 mln Reuter

Shr 65 cts vs 10 cts    Net 55,960,000 vs 8,785,000    Revs 588.2 mln vs 596.1 mln    Avg shrs 85,710,000 vs 87,987,000    Nine mths    Shr 1.24 dlrs vs 44 cts    Net 106,738,000 vs 39,055,000    Revs 1.98 billion vs 2.24 billion    Avg shrs 86,320,000 vs 88,007,000    NOTE: 1986 data restated for adoption of new accountingstandard relating to pensions    1987 nine month earnings include 331 mln dlr after-taxwriteoff in the 4th Qtr of 1985 of a portion of the assets ofthe company's Midland nuclear project Reuter
Shamrock Capital LP said it hascompleted the sale of Cental Soya Co Inc to Ferruzzi AgricolaFinanziaria the holding company for the Ferruzzi group ofRavenna, Italy.    Shamrock Capital is a limited partnership led by ShamrockHoldings Inc, the Roy E. Disney family company.    Under the agreement announced last month, Ferruzzi acquiredall the equity and assumed subordinated term debt of about 195mln dlrs in a transaction valued at about 370 mln dlrs. Reuter
Qtr ends Sept 25    Shr 75 cts vs 64 cts    Net 2,794,000 vs 2,363,000    Revs 157.8 mln vs 138.4 mln    NOTE: 1986 qtr figures exclude effect of 1986 tax reformact which retroactively reduced earnings from 64 cts to 56 ctsper shr. Reuter


Autolatina, Volkswagen AG&lt;VOWG.F> and Ford Motor Co's &lt;F> Latin American joint venture,was expected to make losses of 500 mln marks from Brazilianoperations in 1987, VW spokesman Ortwin Witzel said.    He could not comment on a report in the FrankfurterRundschau daily that Ford might pull out of the venture, set upin 1986 to incorporate VW's and Ford's Brazilian and Argentineoperations. Ford holds 49 pct of Autolatina.    Witzel blamed Autolatina's losses on Brazil's governmentprice restrictions but said the losses were in line withexpectations. VW's Brazil unit lost 258 mln marks in 1986. Reuter
U.S. warships attacked and destroyedan Iranian oil platform on Monday in retaliation for Friday'sIranian attack damaging a U.S.-flagged ship, U.S. DefenseSecretary Caspar Weinberger said.    When asked how much was left of the oil platform,Weinberger said, "Nothing."    "There was no Iranian reaction," he said. "... We considerthis matter is now closed."    Weinberger said four U.S. destroyers attacked the platformabout 120 miles east of Bahrain in the central Gulf with fireat 0700 EDT, Weinberger said.    "We chose a platform used by the Iranians to interfere withand be a source of potential attack on convoys...," Weinbergersaid at a Pentagon briefing.     "We know it has been used indeed, to not only launch smallboat attacks on shipping but to fire on U.S. helicopters...    "It's removal will contribute significantly to the safety ofU.S. forces in the future," Weinberger said of the U.S. Navy'soperation to escort oil tankers through the Gulf.    "We do not seek further confrontation with Iran but we willbe prepared to meet any escalation of military actions by Iranwith stronger countermeasures," Weinberger said.    He said the 20 to 30 Iranian personnel on the oil platformwere given a 20-minute warning to abandon the platform.    "As far as we know they did abandon the site," he said.    Weinberger was asked why the United States had chosen toattack an oil platform rather than Iranian Silkworm missileplatforms blamed by Washington for Friday's attack. Reuter
Shr profit 10 cts vs profit eight cts    Net profit 477,853 vs profit 348,384    Sales 17.7 mln vs 17.3 mln    Nine mths    Shr loss 35 cts vs profit 45 cts    Net loss 1,639,216 vs profit 2,305,700    Sales 56.2 mln vs 57.1 mln    Avg shrs 4,698,501 vs 5,075,717    NOTE: Earnings in the 2nd Qtr of 1987 were reduced by3,262,000 dlrs, or 69 cts a share from a charge reflectingelimination or transfer of certain product lines and operationsat the company's Racine, Wis. foundry Reuter
Ogden Corp said its Ogden Martin Systemof Berks Inc subsidiary has signed a contract with BerksCounty, Pa., to build, own and operate a resource recoveryplant designed to process 365,000 tons per year of municipalsolid waste.    Ogden said 66 of the 75 municipalities in the county havesigned letters of intent to be served by the facility.    It said initial financing will include 75 mln dlrs in taxexempt resources recovery revenue bonds to be issued by theBerks County Industrial Development Authority, the companysaid.       Another 75 mln dlrs Pennsylvania State Bond Allocation ispending, Ogden said. The company will contribute about 21.1 mlndlrs in equity.    It said total cost is about 105 mln dlrs, plus escalation,for the plant which will produce about 30 megawatts ofelectricity. Reuter
Shamrock Capital LP said it hascompleted the sale of Cental Soya Co Inc to Ferruzzi AgricolaFinanziaria the holding company for the Ferruzzi group ofRavenna, Italy.    Shamrock Capital is a limited partnership led by ShamrockHoldings Inc the Roy E. Disney family company.    Under the agreement announced last month, Ferruzzi acquiredall the equity and assumed subordinated term debt of about 195mln dlrs in a trction valued at about 370 mln dlrs. Reuter



Cable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L> saidits subsidiary &lt;Hong Kong Telephone Co Ltd> would cease to be alisted company, following the restructure of the company's HongKong units.    Earlier today the company announced that Hong KongTelephone and Cable and Wireless Hong Kong, in which theterritory's government has a 20 pct stake, would becomesubsidiaries of a newly formed holding company, Hong KongTelecommunications.    In exchange for the Cable and Wireless Hong Kong capital,Hong Kong Telecommunications will issue 4.18 billion new sharesto Cable and Wireless Plc's Cable and Wireless (Far East) Ltd.    That subsidiary now holds the group's 80 pct stake in Cableand Wireless Hong Kong and about 22 pct of H.K. Telephone.    It will issue an additional 1.05 billion shares to thegoverment.    That will leave the Cable and Wireless group with an 80 pctstake in Hong Kong Telecommunications, the government 11 pctand nine pct in public hands.    But that will be reduced early next year after a placementof 11 pct of the issued shares of Hong Kong Telecommunicationsby both Cable and Wireless and the government. Reuter
Texaco Inc said it has been asked bya committee of shareholders about the possibility of thecompany paying a preferred stock dividend to shareholders.    The company said the inquiry, from the Equity SecurityHolders Committee, outlines the committee's ideas on how such adividend might be paid.    Texaco said it would explore the committee's outline, aswell as other options that would support shareholders'interests and assets. Reuter

GAF Corp said the management groupled by chairman Samuel J. Heyman intends to reconsider itsproposal to acquire GAF.    On September 8, the group offered 64.00 dlrs in cash and2.50 dlrs principal amount of 15 pct junior subordinateddebentures due 2007 for each GAF share.  Heyman owns about2,700,000 of GAF's 33.5 mln shares outstanding.    In a letter to the committee of independent directorsformed to consider the offer, Heyman said it will have tomodify the terms of the offer if it is to continue the bid, dueto rising interest rates and financial market conditions.    Heyman said "In the considerable time that has elapsedsince our original proposal was submitted, the credit andfinancial markets have experienced extraordinary and almostunprecedented deterioration.  As of the present time, theaverage interest rate on the financing which we proposed toraise in connection with the acquisition has increased, sincethe original proposal, by approximately 150 basis points."    He said the group intends to promptly review all availableoptions, including the revision of its offer to reflect currentmarket conditions. Reuter


Tandem Computers Inc said it hasintroduced an 84-gigabyte write-once, read-many-times opticaldisk library subsystem called the 5200 Optical Storage Facilityfor use with Tandem NonStop computer systems VLX, TXP, NonStopII, EXT25 and EXT10.    The company said the facility contains two read/write diskdrives, a formatter and an automatic changer for up to 32 diskcartridges, each holding 2.62 gigabytes of data.  It said the52oo provides an average access time of 250 milliseconds fordata on an optical disk cartridge already mouinted and 17seconds when a cartridge must be changed.    Tandem said deliveries will start this quarter.  It saidthe 5200 is priced at 155,000 dlrs.    It said the software initial license fee is 5,300 dlrs andthe monthly license fee is 100 dlrs with the NonStop VLX, TXP,NonStop II and EXT25 systems and the fees are 2,650 dlrs and 50dlrs respectively with the EXT10 system. Reuter
South Korea's national news agency, Yonhap,said this year's current account surplus will near 10 billiondlrs amid signs of continuing high world demand for thecountry's cheap cars and electronic goods.    Bank of Korea officials would neither confirm nor deny theYonhap forecast, saying only that the bank would issue its ownfigures later in the week.    Yonhap said the January-September surplus in the currentaccount, which covers trade in goods and services, totalled7.03 billion dlrs.    This already exceeds the seven billion dlr ceiling for thewhole of 1987 that the government set in June during talks withthe International Monetary Fund aimed at averting a too rapidrevaluation of the won against the dollar.    The agency said the September surplus was 1.4 billion dlrs,up from 468.1 mln in August and 899 mln a year earlier.    "Exports in October could be relatively modest due to manypublic holidays, but by the end of this year the surplus willbe well over nine billion dollars, close to ten," Yonhap said.    The sharp rise in the September surplus came from aresumption of export deliveries delayed by strikes the previousmonth.    More than 3,300 companies, including car manufacturers,electronic and electric firms, were hit by labour unrestbetween July and September.    The South Korean government originally targeted a fivebillion dlr current account surplus this year, but had to raisethis to seven billion to reflect a startling first-half exportboom.    If confirmed, the soaring 1987 current account surplusseemed certain to trigger tougher pressure from the UnitedStates which recorded a 7.4 billion dlr trade deficit withSeoul last year, government economists said.    The U.S. Government, trying to stem protectionist pressureat home, has called on South Korea to open more markets toAmerican goods and revalue the won faster.    The won was fixed at 804.90 against the dollar on Monday,representing a 7.01 pct gain so far this year. REUTER
Shr 30 cts vs 17 cts    Shr diluted 30 cts vs 17 cts    Net 3,454,000 vs 1,546,000    Sales 84.0 mln vs 59.2 mln    Avg shrs 11.6 mln vs 8,917,000    Avg shrs diluted 11.7 mln vs 11.2 mln    Nine mths    Shr 91 cts vs 72 cts    Shr diluted 90 cts vs 65 cts    Net 10.5 mln vs 5,959,000    Sales 236.7 mln vs 168.9 mln    Avg shrs 11.5 mln vs 8,227,000    Avg shrs diluted 11.6 mln vs 11.2 mln Reuter
Unidentified jets attacked three Iranianoil rigs in the southern Gulf early on Monday, setting at leastone of them ablaze, regional shipping sources said.    Earlier today in Washington, U.S. Television networks hadreported that American forces launched a retaliatory strikeagainst Iran late Sunday, attacking two Iranian offshore oildrilling platforms and setting them ablaze.    The shipping sources said Iran's Sassan, Rostam and Rakhshoffshore oilfields were attacked at 0700 local (0300 GMT) by awave of jet fighter bombers. Smoke was seen spiralling up fromthe Rostam field soon after.    At least one of the other two targets was also believed tobe ablaze, the sources said.    The Sassan and Rostam fields have been targets for Iraqiair strikes in the past, but Baghdad had not reported anysouthern Gulf missions prior to news of the latest attack.    Shipping and military sources in the region have said Iranused its southern Gulf rigs as bases to launch helicopter andlater speedboat attacks on neutral ships in the waterway.    U.S. Officials had been meeting on a response since Fridaywhen an attack on a Kuwaiti port severely damaged aU.S.-flagged ship. President Reagan said on Sunday he hadalready made a decision on the U.S. Response to Friday's Iranattack but would not say what the decision was. REUTER

Deutsche Bank AG joint chief executiveFriedrich Wilhelm Christians said he believed the Louvre accordon currency stability was still intact.    Christians told a news conference he met U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker in the last two weeks, after short termGerman interest rates had risen twice.    "I am sure that with 1.7720 marks the dollar is still withinthe Louvre agreement. I do not see that the accord has beenterminated," Christians said. He was responding to questionsabout comments by Baker, who said the Louvre accord was stilloperative but criticised rises in West German interest rates. REUTER

Shr 13 cts vs 12 cts    Net 1,612,000 vs 1,571,000    Revs 28.8 mln vs 25.0 mln    Avg shrs 12.8 mln vs 13.3 mln Reuter
Shr 18 cts vs 13 cts    Net 5,436,000 vs 3,888,000    Sales 43.9 mln vs 31.5 mln    Avg shrs 30,145,000 vs 28,976,000    Nine mths    Shr 51 cts vs 38 cts    Net 15,320,000 vs 11,098,000    Sales 123.6 mln vs 91.2 mln    Avg shrs 30,157,000 vs 29,046,000    NOTE: Earnings adjusted for three-for-two stock split paidJune 20, 1986 Reuter
Privately-held NeoRx Corp said it hasentered into an exclusive agreement with Genentech Inc for thedevelopment of an injectable diagnostic to image blood clots.    It said it Genentech will be responsible for marketing, andNeoRx will receive royalties based on sales.  The product willuse a proprietary NeoRx method of attaching the radioisotopetechnetium-99m to Genentech's blood clot dissolving drug tissueplasminogen activator, or Activase. Reuter
Unidentified jets raided three Iranianoil rigs in the southern Gulf on Monday, setting at least oneof them ablaze, regional shipping sources said. Reuter
Quantech Electronics Corp saidits common stock will continue to be quoted on the NASDAQsystem due to an exception from National Association ofSecurities Dealers capital and surplus requirements, which itfailed to meet as of August 31.    The company said it believes it can meet conditions imposedby the NASD for the exception, but there can be no assurancethat it will do so. Reuter


Saudi Arabia is likely to remain the keysupplier of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) to Japan for at leastthe next five years, oil industry sources said.    Japan, while diversifying its supply sources of propane andbutane for stable supplies, will continue to bank on SaudiArabian LPG, the sources said.    They said Saudi's supply capabilities of LPG, an associateof crude oil, is guaranteed by its crude output capacity. "Saudiis a reliable supplier in that sense," said one trader.    Japan imports about 50 pct of its LPG from Saudi Arabia.    No single nation could substitute for Saudi Arabia as anLPG supply source to Japan, the sources said.    "Saudi Arabia has committed itself to Japanese LPG buyers,which has quelled fears that LPG supplies from the Mideast Gulfcould easily be disrupted in the wake of heightened hostilitiesin that area," said another trader.    Saudi Arabia cut LPG shipments to Japan and elsewhere by 20pct in September after a fire put a major gas plant atAl-Juaimah out of operation. October shipments were back tocontractual volumes as Saudi was able to boost exports fromother ports.    Attacks on Gulf shipping by Iran and Iraq centered on cruderather than products carriers, which has lulled fears of LPGsupply disruptions, traders said.    They said an Iranian blockade of the Strait of Hormuz wasunlikely because it would block Iran's oil shipments.    Industry sources said Japan's LPG imports will not greatlyrise or fall as its domestic demand growth is estimated at amoderate 2.1 pct a year from 1986 through 1991.    Japanese term buyers of Saudi LPG are expected to liftslightly lower volumes from January 1987, when imports fromIndonesia are slated to increase, the sources said.    The customers are unlikely to slash Saudi term purchases inlarge scale when Japan increases annual imports of IndonesianLPG to 1.95 mln tonnes in early 1989 from 319,000 tonnes in theyear ended March 1987, the sources said.    But when demand is sluggish in summer, they will phase downterm purchases of Saudi LPG and secure lower-priced cargoes onthe spot market, they said.    Japan imports some 12 mln tonnes of LPG a year, of which5.3 mln tonnes are supplied by Saudi Arabia, 3.3 mln under termcontracts and two mln through spot purchases. Some 80 pct ofJapan's LPG imports are from the Middle East.    Saudi Arabia's state owned oil company Petromin has madesome concessions on term prices to Japanese customers in therecent round of contract renewal talks, and it is likely theJapanese will accept the offer, the sources said.    The Japanese term customers, however, have so far beenunsuccessful in establishing a transparent price formula toreplace the existing unilateral monthly price notice.    Japanese buyers pay Saudi Arabia a price notified byPetromin each month. Most recently the FOB price was set at 87pct of the 17.52 dlrs per barrel government selling price (GSP)of Arabian Light.    Buyers reserve the right to phase down or out liftingsshould the monthly price be set at over 95 pct of ArabianLight's GSP.    Petromin has offered to lower this rate to 90 pct from the95 pct for contracts with Japanese customers from next January,the trade sources said.    Petromin also suggested that a seller's option of supplyingup to 20 pct more than the contractural volume be subject toseller-buyer agreement.    Under the present contract, Petromin can automatically cutsupplies up to 10 pct of the contractual volume.    "If you want to import LPG from Saudi Arabia on a profitablebasis, you have to set the price factor at 80 to 85 pct," saidan official at a major importer. "Freight costs are higher forcargoes coming from the Gulf than Southeast Asia due to alonger haul and war risk insurance payments."    Japanese customers will visit Saudi Arabia this month tofinalise their separate contract talks, now focusing oncontractual period and volume, which could be very similar tocurrent levels, the sources said. "When we talk business, wewould seek profitability and sometimes forget vulnerability ofhigh dependence on a single supplier," said one. REUTER
&lt;Bechtel Corp> said it has formed ajoint venture with Control Resource Industries Inc calledBechtel-Control Asbestos Management Inc to perform large-scaleasbestos abatement projects. Reuter
Shr loss nine cts vs loss 12 cts    Net loss 649,000 vs loss 850,000    Revs 5,059,000 vs 4,084,000    Avg shrs 7,041,000 vs 6,900,000    NOTE: Current year net includes charge 152,000 dlrs fromamortization of previously capitalized software costs.Capitalized product development costs 276,000 dlrs vs 640,000dlrs. Reuter
Shr 36 cts vs 36 cts    Shr diluted 34 cts vs 31 cts    Net 1,679,000 vs 1,418,000    Sales 147.2 mln vs 121.5 mln    Avg shrs 4,608,000 vs 3,963,000    Avg shrs diluted 5,585,000 vs 5,463,000    Nine mths    Shr 1.04 dlrs vs 86 cts    Shr diluted 93 cts vs 77 cts    Net 4,387,000 vs 3,393,000    Sales 420.3 mln vs 338.7 mln    Avg shrs 4,233,000 vs 3,948,000    Avg shrs diluted 5,564,000 vs 5,468,000    Reuter
Shr 52 cts vs 43 cts    Net 17.7 mln vs 14.2 mln    Sales 413.1 mln vs 361.6 mln    Avg shrs 34.3 mln vs 30.3 mln    Nine mths    Oper shr 1.58 dlrs vs 66 cts    Oper net 53.9 mln vs 26.7 mln    Sales 1.22 billion vs 1.08 billion    Avg shrs 33.5 mln vs 35.2 mln    NOTE: 1986 nine mths net includes 20.6 mln dlr provisionfor restructuring but excludes 85.0 mln dlr gain on sale ofdiscontinued glass business and 1,330,000 dlr gain fromdiscontinued operations.    Quarter orders 350.2 mln dlrs vs 296.7 mln dlrs.  Backlog507.6 mln dlrs vs 444.4 mln dlrs. Reuter
The thriving market in Luxembourgfranc bond issues has been temporarily stalled by the Belgiangovernment crisis which has put the franc under pressure andforced up interest rates, banking sources said.    On Monday, King Baudouin accepted the resignation ofBelgian Prime Minister Wilfried Martens' coalition and askedhim to try to form a new government.    Because of the crisis, Banque Generale du Luxembourg SA(BGL) has delayed a public issue for one billion Luxembourgfrancs, originally scheduled for the end of last week, BGLdirector Robert Sharfe said.    He said the issue would probably go ahead later this week.    It is likely there will be an upward adjustment in interestrates on Luxembourg franc bond private placements, bankingsources said. However, no new placements are scheduled foranother 10 days.    The latest issue last Friday for Swedish Export Credit Corp(SEK) carried a coupon of 7-1/2 pct, whereas in previous issuesthe interest was set lower at 7-3/8 pct.    Interest rates on the Luxembourg franc, which is in paritywith the Belgian franc, are strongly affected by Belgian rates.    On Friday, Belgium increased the rate on three-monthTreasury certificates by 0.5 pct to 7.15 pct as the Belgianfranc came under pressure.    Private placements in Luxembourg francs have becomeincreasingly popular, particularly with Scandivanian borrowers,because they carry a relatively low interest rate.    Private investors also have flocked to buy Luxembourg francbond issues because the franc was seen as a fairly strongcurrency. REUTER
U.S. television networks said onMonday that U.S. forces launched a retaliatory strike againstIran late Sunday, apparently attacking two Iranian offshore oildrilling platforms.    NBC News said it understood six Iranians had been pulledfrom the sea.    It said cautiously that U.S. forces attacked late Sundayand that two Iranian oil platforms east of Bahrain were ablazeas a result, but CBS News and other networks said flatly thatU.S. forces attacked the Iranian oil platforms.    U.S. officials had been meeting on a response since Fridaywhen an attack on a Kuwaiti port severely damaged aU.S.-flagged ship.    President Reagan said on Sunday he had already made adecision on the U.S. response to Friday's Iran attack but wouldnot say what the decision was.    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said on Saturday theattack on a U.S.-flagged ship in Kuwaiti waters on Friday wasalmost certainly by an Iran Silkworm missile. Reuter
Thai traders plan to establish a companyto regulate maize forward trading, in what could be a firststep towards a commodities futures exchange, maize dealerssaid.    Traders and Internal Trade Department officials agreed lastweek to commission a study on a structure to regulate maizeforward trading and to set up a company, Thailand CommodityExchange Co Ltd, with 30 businesses as shareholders who willact as brokers in the futures market.    Chanthong Pattamapong, a commodities trader asked to todraw up the study, said if the maize futures market succeeds itmay be extended to other commodities, perhaps sugar and rubber. REUTER



The Reserve Bank of India said it wastightening its credit policy for commercial banks by raisingtheir cash reserve ratio by 0.5 pct to 10 pct, effective fromOctober 24.    The move, announced last weekend, is part of the bank'spolicy for the second half of fiscal 1987/88 ending March andis aimed at curbing excess bank liquidity.    The central bank also put selective controls on bankadvances to the oilseeds, vegetable oils and foodgrains trades.    "The policy's main objective is to fully meet the creditrequirements of agriculture, industry and exports, whilepreventing excessive monetary expansion," bank Governor R.N.Malhotra told an earlier meeting of chief executives of banks.    Malhotra said the rate of monetary expansion must be keptunder control in the second half of the current financial year.    Bank deposits rose 75.40 billion rupees in the first sixmonths of fiscal 1987/88 against 66.92 billion in the sameperiod last year, according to the bank.    Bankers said the bank's move to raise the cash reserveratio by 0.5 pct will mean impounding about five billion rupeesfrom the banking system. Banks' total deposits are estimated ataround 1,000 billion rupees.    They said banks are under pressure because of low returnson commercial lending and investments in government securities.    "Already many banks are finding it difficult to maintaintheir statutory liquidity and cash reserve ratios and areresorting to heavy inter-bank borrowings," said one banker. REUTER
Malaysian police denied rumours ofrace riots in Kuala Lumpur after an armed man killed one personand injured two others in an attack on two petrol stations in aracially-sensitive area of the city.    A police statement broadcast over official Radio Malaysiacalled on the public not to listen to the rumours and go abouttheir normal business.    "Everything is under control. It's only a small matter andthere is no cause for alarm," a police spokesman told Reutersafter confirming the shooting on Sunday night.    However, rumours that riots had broken out hit the stockmarket and shares on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange fellacross the board in heavy nervous selling when the marketopened this morning, brokers said.    Police said they cordoned off the district of Chow Kit andset up road blocks from midnight after the man, armed with arifle, killed one Malay and injured another Malay and aChinese. He set fire to one of the petrol stations. REUTER

Puma AG Rudolf Dassler Sport &lt;PUMA.F> saidit posted a 1987 first-half group loss of about 14 mln marks,of which the largest portion was in the U.S.    Managing board chairman Armin Dassler told the annualshareholders' meeting parent company turnover was expected tofall to 650 mln marks over the whole year from 698.4 mln in1986.    No comparative figure for 1986 first half group loss wasavailable. In the whole of 1986 Puma posted a groupconsolidated loss of 41.05 mln marks.    Dassler said Puma hoped to improve performance in the U.S.This year, where heavy losses were mainly responsible for the1986 deficit.    He said Puma expected to post a group loss in the secondhalf of this year but the shortfall would be lower than in thefirst half. The same applied to expected parent company losses,he added.    Dassler said Puma had taken measures to improve futureperformance.    Dassler said the measures included changing Puma's  product range, closing down some unprofitable factories in WestGermany and France and introducing general cost-cutting.    He said Puma hoped to break even in 1988 in the U.S., Itsmost important export market.    Dassler said a personal payment he would make toshareholders instead of a 1986 dividend was a goodwill gesturewhich would not be repeated.    Dassler said the payment to holders of Puma's 280,000non-voting preference shares would amount to about 1.2 mlnmarks, or 4.50 marks per share.    Armin Dassler and his brother Gerd hold all of Puma's720,000 ordinary voting shares. They offered the preferenceshares to the public in July last year.    Dassler said shareholders would benefit if Puma improvedperformance next year. He did not elaborate.    Dassler said he and his brother were planning to leave themanaging board and join the supervisory board.    He said he was leaving for health reasons and because hewanted to make way for a new chairman from outside the company.His successor has not been made known yet.    Dassler said today's meeting was expected to approveManfred Emcke as Puma's new supervisory board chairman,replacing Vinzenz Grothgar. REUTER
A U.S. Defense Department spokesmansaid he had no information on London oil and stock marketrumors that the United States had launched a retaliatory strikeagainst Iran for an attack on Friday that damaged a U.S. shi    "I don't have anything," Major Randy Morger said. "I have noinformation at all."    President Reagan said on Sunday he had already made adecision on the U.S. response to Friday's Iran attack but wouldnot say what the decision was.    Defense Secretary Caspar Weinberger said on Saturday theattack on a U.S.-flagged ship in Kuwaiti waters on Friday wasalmost certainly by an Iran Silkworm missile.    Some of the rumors in the London markets were that theUnited States had launched an offshore strike against Iranianmissile installations. Reuter
South Yemen is planning a major oilpipeline system to be completed in 18-months time to startexports at a initial rate of 100,000 barrels per day, (bpd) theMiddle East Economic Survey (MEES) said.    MEES said government approval for the export pipelinefollowed a visit to Aden by a high ranking delegation from theSoviet Union, which will help South Yemen construct the line    The engineering studies for the pipeline are nearlyfinished and construction is expected to start early next year,the industry newsletter said.    The pipeline will run about 170-200 kms (105-125 miles)from Shabwa oilfields to a coastal terminal at Bir 'Ali on theGulf of Aden, MEES said.     MEES said the Soviet firm Technoexport, which isdeveloping oilfileds for South Yemen, has substantiallyincreased its initial reserve estimates and recommended apipeline with an eventual 500,000 bpd capacity.    The discovery of commercial quaotities of oil was confirmedby Technoexport earlier this year in three structures in theShabwa region in the Northwestern part of the country, 200 kmseast of North Yemen's Alif oilfield. REUTER
Trafalgar House Plc &lt;TRAF.L> said it hasacquired the entire share capital of &lt;Capital Homes Inc> of theU.S. For 20 mln dlrs in cash.    Capital Homes builds single family homes in the WashingtonD.C. Area and is also active as a land developer both for itsown use and for sale to other builders.    In the financial year to end February, 1987, Capitalrecorded pre-tax profits of 3.7 mln dlrs on a turnover of 58mln dlrs from the sale of 421 homes. Capital has a land bank ofsome 2,600 units and in the current year the company expects tosell 500 homes, Trafalgar House said. REUTER
Sprint II, a special purpose corporationbased in the Cayman Islands, is issuing 35 mln dlrs of floatingrate bonds due November 6, 1992 and priced at 100.10, said FujiInternational finance Ltd as lead manager.    The bonds are backed by a pool of 48.7 mln dlrs of Japaneseex-warrant bonds. The bonds are priced to yield 20 basis pointsover the six month London Interbank Offered Rate. They areavailable in denominations of 100,000 dlrs and are payable onNovember 6. There is a seven basis point management andunderwriting fee, an eight basis point selling concession and atwo basis point praecipuum. REUTER

Kuwait's oil exports have not beenaffected by the seven-year Iran-Iraq war, Kuwait Oil TankerCompany (KOTC) Chairman and Managing Director Abdul Fattahal-Bader told a Kuwaiti newspaper.    "Kuwait has exploited all available opportunities tocontinue exporting its oil without any reduction," the Al-Anbaanewspaper quoted him as saying.    He said KOTC made profits of more than two mln dinars(seven mln dlrs) in the fiscal year ending last June, butpredicted lower profits this year due to higher costs forchartering and operating vessels. REUTER
Toyota Motor Corp &lt;TOYO.T> and VolkswagenAG &lt;VOWG.F> are considering raising the local procurement rateat their West German joint venture to at least 60 pct from anearlier planned 50 pct after one year's output, a Toyotaspokesman said.    The two carmakers agreed last June to start jointlyproducing a Toyota-designed light truck at VW's Hanover plantfrom early 1989 at a rate of 7,000 to 8,000 the first year,rising to 15,000 from 1990.    They may equip the light truck with a Volkswagen-madeengine to reach a local procurement rate of 60 pct, he said.    The two companies need to raise the value of locallyprocured parts to 60 pct to avoid tariffs when they export toother European markets, industry sources said. REUTER
Karl Otto Poehl, head of West Germany'scentral bank, and Finance Minister Gerhard Stoltenberg arenormally so much in agreement that some foreigners doubt thecentral bank's independence.    But a rare public row between the ebullient Poehl,president of the Bundesbank, and Stoltenberg, over acontroversial investment tax proposal, has added to the woes ofthe country's already nervous financial markets, bankers said.    Poehl told an investment symposium in Frankfurt lastThursday he feared the tax would raise borrowing costs andinterest rates    Stoltenberg quickly issued a statement rebutting Poehl'scriticism, saying West Germany would remain an attractive placefor foreign investors.    "The obvious lack of coordination between the Bundesbank andFinance Ministry does not instil confidence in foreigninvestors," said one economist for a London broker, who askednot to be identified.    Bankers here expressed confidence the two top financialpolicy-makers would quickly patch up their relationship tosteer the economy through a particularly difficult time.    "There are plenty of objective pressures which will resultin things getting back to normal again after a period of illfeeling," said Commerzbank AG chief economist Juergen Pfister.    News on October 9 that the government was planning a 10 pctwithholding tax wiped billions of marks off shares and bonds ina market already reeling from rising interest rates at home andabroad.    Bankers said the Bundesbank was angered by the way thefinance ministry announced the plan -- without consulting theBundesbank adequately, and allowing apparently conflictingdetails to dribble out into an unprepared and uncertain market.    Both Poehl, 57, and Stoltenberg, 59, have been underextraordinary pressures lately.    Poehl has had to switch to the hard line promoted by hisdeputy, Helmut Schlesinger, jacking up interest rates to fightinflationary fears and abandoning the pragmatic policies he hadpursued so far this year to promote currency stability.    In recent statements Poehl has sounded more likeSchlesinger. For years the softly-spoken economist has beenwarning in speech after speech that excessive money supplygrowth would eventually lead to rising prices.    Schlesinger now has a majority of support in the Bundesbankcouncil, and since late summer Poehl has had to represent hisviews, bankers said.    "Poehl is in a minority in his own house," said Commerzbank'sPfister.    "Poehl is in a dilemma. He must follow a policy that is notentirely his own," said another economist.    The dilemma is that if German interest rates rise too far,they will attract funds into the country, pushing up the markand hurting West German exporters.    The dollar has now shed some seven pfennigs since theBundesbank's new tack became clear in early October.    Since last Thursday, United States Treasury Secretary JamesBaker has criticized the Bundesbank rate increases.    Bankers said this could foreshadow a revival of the 1986war of words between the U.S. And West Germany, in which U.S.Officials talked down the dollar to force West Germany tostimulate its economy and thus suck in more U.S. Exports.    One way West Germany agreed to do this was making a roundof tax cuts worth 39 billion marks from 1990.    But financing these tax cuts has proved more difficult forStoltenberg than he had bargained for.    The cool, unflappable northerner, who was regularly votedmost popular government politician last year, had to faceresistance from local barons in the government coalitionparties and from trade unions to his planned subsidy cuts.    The withholding tax was intended to plug one gap by raising4.3 billion marks.    But it has caused an outcry among bankers, who say it willpush up borrowing costs. The extra amount this costs thegovernment could wipe out the revenue the tax brings in.    Meanwhile Stoltenberg is dealing with a local political rowwhich has turned into the country's worst political scandal.    Stoltenberg had to leave monetary talks in Washington lastmonth early to sort out a row in the northern state ofSchleswig-Holstein, where he heads the ruling CDU party.    The state's CDU premier, Uwe Barschel, had to resign afterallegations of a "dirty tricks" election campaign led to heavylosses for the CDU in state elections.    Barschel was found dead in a hotel bath in Geneva lastweekend. Police say the death appears to have been suicide.    Cooperation between Poehl and Stoltenberg is all the moreremarkable as Poehl is in the opposition Social Democrats, andwas appointed by former chancellor Helmut Schmidt.    When Poehl's contract came up for renewal earlier thisyear, Chancellor Helmut Kohl's CDU-led coalition governmentgave Poehl another eight-year term.    Werner Chrobok, managing partner at Bethmann Bank, said hehoped the two men would soon be of one opinion again.    But when Poehl criticized Stoltenberg's tax plans he wasnot only voicing what many bankers felt but demonstrating theBundesbank's independence of government, Chrobok said. REUTER
Fletcher Challenge Ltd &lt;FLTC.WE> (FCL)announced a striking price of 5.89 N.Z. Dlrs a share forshareholders who have elected to receive bonus shares under itsdividend reinvestment plan.    It said in a statement the price was determined by taking90 pct of the weighted average prices of ordinary shares soldon the New Zealand Stock Exchange between October 12 and 19.    FCL shares were quoted from Monday as ex-dividend andclosed at 6.10 dlrs. REUTER
Venezuelan Central Bank President HernanAnzola has submitted his resignation and asked President JaimeLusinchi to transfer him to a post in the oil industry, twoleading Venezuelan newspapers reported.    The El Universal and El Nacional papers said Anzola wouldleave his position soon. Lusinchi already has decided on hissuccessor, the El Nacional reported.    Central Bank officials were not available for comment.    Banking sources said Anzola differed with the FinanceMinistry over economic policy, particularly over the directionof interest rates. He favoured raising the rates, which arecurrently well below the annual inflation rate of 33.2 pct.    But the sources said he ran into opposition from FinanceMinistry and government officials who thought an interestincrease would fuel inflation. REUTER

French Finance Minister Edouard Balladurissued a firm call for the continued faithful application ofthe Louvre accords on currency stability by all majorindustrial countries.    Balladur, responding to weekend remarks by U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker that the U.S. Would take another look atthe accords, said "I firmly desire a faithfull and firmadherence by all the major industrial countries to the Louvreaccords -- in both their letter and spirit."    On Sunday, Baker said last week's rise in short-term WestGerman interest rates was not in keeping with the accords.    The Louvre accords, agreed in Paris last February, calledfor stability among the major currencies after a prolongeddollar slide.    The accords were reaffirmed by the Group of Seven FinanceMinisters in Washington last month.    But Baker said at the weekend that the West German raterise was "not in keeping with the spirit of what we agreed to."    "What I'm really saying is that they should not expect us tosimply sit back here and accept increased tightening on theirpart on the assumption that somehow we are going to followthem," he added. REUTER
&lt;Hyundai Auto Canada Inc>, a unit ofSouth Korea's Hyundai Motor Co &lt;HYUN.SE>, is expected to awardChemical Asia Ltd a mandate later this week to arrange a 100mln U.S. Dlr loan, banking sources said.    The nine-year loan will carry interest of 1/4 point overthe London interbank offered rate. No other details wereavailable.    A Chemical spokesman declined comment. REUTER
King Baudouin is expected to accept theresignation of Belgian Prime Minister Wilfried Martens'scentre-right coalition government after last-ditch talks failedto solve a language row, state-run RTBF radio said.    The King could ask Martens or another political leader toput together a new government or to form a caretakeradministration with elections at the end of November or inearly December.    The King has so far withheld a decision on whether toaccept the resignation last Thursday of Martens's coalition ofDutch and French speaking parties over the linguistic conflict.    Martens has used the breathing space to try to put togethera compromise solution but RTBF and the Belgian news agencyBelga said leading ministers ended their talks early on Mondaymorning without agreement.    "The resignation of the government will no doubt be acceptedby the King in the near future," RTBF said.    The King has no formal deadline for announcing his decisionbut has been widely expected to do so on Monday. Reuter
&lt;Williams Holdings Plc> said it hasmandated Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd to arrange a 100 mln stgmultiple option facility on a committed basis.    The facility will be fully underwritten and have a maturityof five years, which can be extended by the borrower under anevergreen option.    The facility will also include a tender panel for shortterm sterling acceptances or multi-currency cash advances.    Drawings under the committed standby will be at a margin of0.10 pct per annum and banks will receive an underwriting feeof 0.0625 pct.    The facility will have a utilisation fee of 0.025 pct ifmore than 25 pct is drawn.    Banks are being invited to join the facility at 10 mln stgfor 0.05 pct and at five mln stg for 0.04 pct. There will be arenewal fee of 0.01 pct under the evergreen option. REUTER
The main road between Kampala and theKenya border, Uganda's most important trade artery, reopened tocivilian traffic on Saturday after rebels who closed it onFriday disappeared back into the bush, travellers said.    The government's National Resistance Army (NRA) closed theroad on Friday after the rebel Holy Spirit Movement ofpriestess Alice Lakwena reached a village on the road, said.But by the time NRA reinforcements arrived the rebels haddisappeared into thick forest. The road and a parallel railwayline, which closed last weekend, carry 90 pct of Uganda'sforeign trade to the Kenyan port of Mombasa. REUTER
Iran warned the United States on Mondayagainst exacerbating the Gulf crisis, saying it would endangerAmerican interests.    Tehran Radio, monitored by the British BroadcastingCorporation, said a spokesman for Iran's War InformationHeadquarters was responding "to U.S. Officials' remarks abouttaking military action against Iran."    The radio also quoted an Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesmanas saying Iran would respond decisively to any aggressivemeasure by the United States.    The radio said the spokesman made the statement "followingthe attack on a Kuwaiti ship under the U.S. Flag and commentsby American officials on carrying out retaliatory actionagainst Iran."    The spokesman said, "Any U.S. Military aggression againstIran will certainly be the beginning of an extensive clash inthe Persian Gulf, and amidst this our principled policy is toconfront any act which escalates tension." REUTER

Norway's current account showed a 9.9billion crown deficit for the first seven months of 1987,against a 19.7 billion crown deficit for the same year-agoperiod, the Central Bureau of Statistics said.    North Sea oil and gas revenues rose 3.4 pct to 32.6 billioncrowns in the January to July period compared with 31.5 billionin the first seven months of 1986. REUTER

The West German Finance Ministry declined tocomment on weekend criticism by U.S. Treasury Secretary JamesBaker of recent West German interest rate increases.    Baker said the U.S. Would re-examine the February LouvreAccord to stabilise currencies reached by leading industrialdemocracies. The rise in West Germany short term interest rateswas not in the spirit of an agreement by these nations inWashington, which reaffirmed the Louvre pact, he said.    A Finance Ministry spokesman, asked for an officialministry reaction to Baker's remarks, said he could make nocomment. REUTER
&lt;Raffles City Pte Ltd> said it signed a10 year note issuance facility (NIF) on Monday to raise 500 mlnSingapore dlrs.    Proceeds of the issue would enable Raffles City to tapcheaper funds from the market to refinance its existingborrowings, a press statement said.    The NIF is lead managed by two major local banks, theDevelopment Bank Of Singapore Ltd and the Overseas ChineseBanking Corp. REUTER
The Cyprus vessel Fearless, 31,841 tonnesdw, which was on fire, grounded then towed to Yantai, China, inAugust, had all its cargo reloaded but the cargo in the no. 3hold caught fire on October 15.    The fire was put out with salt water and water from theno.4 hold has spread over most of the cargo. Some water is alsoin the no.5 hold. Bottom patching was reported complete butonly the no.4 starboard wing tank has been pumped out andremains dry. The engine room is flooded to about three metres.    The ship was originally loaded with 10,000 tonnes of animalfeed. REUTER
The Finnish State launched two bondstotalling one billion markka with loan periods of 10 years andfive years and annual interest rates of 7.75 and 7.25 pctrespectively.    The bonds sell concurrently until the total is reached andnominal values are 25,000 markka, 10,000 markka, 5,000 markkaand 1,000 markka, the Finance Ministry said.    It was decided with the banks the rates should be 0.25 pctless than the eight and 7.5 pct rates respectively of 10-yearand five-year bonds launched by the State on August 17, aMinistry statement said. REUTER
Malaysia's recovery from the worstrecession in 20 years should receive a boost on Friday when thegovernment announces a reflationary budget for calendar 1988after seven years of austerity, economists said.    "Our country is walking on one leg now," said Ismail Salleh,an economist with the Institute of Strategic and InternationalStudies. "It has to depend on public sector investment forfaster growth if the private sector is not moving."    Gross domestic product grew one pct in 1986 after shrinkingone pct in 1985. The fiscal year ends December 31.    The government has said it expects 1987 growth to be undertwo pct but some analysts believe it will be nearer three pctbecause prices for commodity exports have risen sharply.Malaysia is a leading exporter of rubber, palm oil, tin andsemiconductors and a major producer of cocoa, timber and oil.    The government slashed development spending to 9.8 billionringgit this year from 14.5 billion in 1986.    Economists said unemployment is expected to exceed 10 pctin 1988 against about 9.5 pct this year.    Local investment also has stagnated, with businessmenblaming inconsistent economic policies and lack of incentives.    One businessman said too many politicians give theimpression that Malaysia was unstable.    "If we can take care of investment confidence, the potentialto recover strongly is great," a banker said.    Malaysia's 1987 current account is expected to be in theblack with the Central Bank projecting a 500 mln ringgitsurplus compared with last year's 1.2 billion ringgit deficit.    The government has said its fiscal policies will balancethe budget by 1989. The deficit in 1986 was 952 mln ringgit.    The government will also repay some of its external debt,which stood at 51 billion ringgit at the end of 1986.    Political leaders have said the budget will not hurtordinary people as taxes on basic food and other essentialgoods are unlikely to change.    Businessmen said they hope the government also will cut thecorporate tax, now between 45 and 48 pct, to enable Malaysia tocompete for investors with neighbouring states. REUTER
Lloyds Shipping Intelligence service saidthe British bulk carrier Envoy, 75,453 tonnes dw, was groundedat Mile 190 in the Orinoco river on October 16.    The vessel was on a voyage from Trombetas, Brazil, toMatanzas, Cuba, carrying 50,000 tonnes of bauxite. Its draughtwas 36 feet.     Attempts to refloat the vessel with the help of six tugshave been unsuccessful. The owners are considering unloadingpart of the cargo onto barges. REUTER


Swedish Export Credit Corp (SEK) israising 300 mln Luxembourg francs through a three year privateplacement, lead manager Banque Generale du Luxembourg SA said.    The bullet, non-callable issue carries a coupon of 7-1/2pct and is priced at 100-1/4.    Payment date is October 28 and coupon date is October 29. REUTER
China expects its 1987 grain harvest to be397 mln tonnes, eight mln tonnes short of its target, the NewChina News Agency quoted a State Statistical Bureau spokesmanas saying.    The harvest will be China's second highest in history butpoor weather and low incentives for grain-producing farmershave kept yields down, earlier Chinese press reports said.    Industry sources expect China to import at least 10 mlntonnes of grain this year because of the harvest shortfall.    Chinese customs figures showed grain imports of 9.59 mlntonnes in the first eight months of 1987, compared with 6.09mln in the same 1986 period.    Agriculture Minister He Kang said last month state pricesfor grain purchase from growers were to be adjusted to increasethe incentive for grain production.    China could not afford to become a major food importer, hesaid.    The State Statistics Bureau spokesman also said China's1987 cotton output was expected to rise 10 pct over 1986 to 390mln tonnes. REUTER

The Philippine 1987 inflation rate willrise to 4.8 pct from 0.74 pct in 1986 if the governmentimplements an employers' association recommendation for a 10pct increase in the 54 peso minimum daily wage this month,Economic Planning Secretary Solita Monsod said.    The government's own proposal for an across-the-board dailypay rise of six pesos for non-agricultural workers and eightpesos for agriculture workers, would push the full year averagehigher to 5.4 pct, she told the Senate last week.    The 10 pct rise in the minimum wage is recommended by theEmployers Confederation of the Philippines (ECOP).    The ECOP proposal would push the year-on-year inflationrate to 11.6 pct in December compared with the predicted 14.4pct if the government's recommendation is implemented, Solitasaid. Both were proposed last month.    Annual inflation for 1987 was forecast at four to 4.5 pctby the National Economic and Development Authority early thismonth.    In the first three months of the year, inflation was anegative 0.5, 0.6 and 0.7 pct respectively, rising to 1.0, 2.5and 4.6 pct in April May and June, the National StatisticsOffice said.    The annual inflation rate rose to 5.8 pct in June, 6.2 pctin July and 6.15 and 6.188 pct in August and Septemberrespectively, the National Statistics Office said.    It attributed the acceleration to higher fuel and waterprices.    The government's six and eight peso wage increases woulddisplace up to 20,000 workers, Monsod said, bringing the numberof unemployed to 4.2 mln or 19.2 pct of the population. REUTER
Electricite de France is issuing a 15billion yen bond due November 1994 paying interest at 1/16 overthe six month London Interbank Offered Rate, said IBJ CapitalMarkets Ltd as lead manager.    The bonds, which are priced at par, will be listed on theLuxembourg Stock Exchange. Payment is set for November 20 andthey are callable in May 1989. The bonds are guaranteed by theRepublic of France.    Fees are 12 basis points for management and underwritingand 13 basis points as a selling concession. There is a threebasis point praecipuum. REUTER
British Printing and CommunicationCorporation Plc &lt;BPCL.L> has proposed the cancellation of allits preference shares in return for cash payments totalling14.8 mln stg.    BPCC said in a statement, "In view of the enlarged ordinaryshare capital and the improved financial position of thecompany, the Board considers that the relatively small amountof preference share capital now represents capital in excess ofthe company's wants."    Shareholder approval will be sought at a meeeting onNovember 10.If granted, court confirmation will be required. REUTER
South Africa must drive down itsinflation rate to much lower levels to prevent a furtherdecline in the rand, said Volkskas Bank in its monthly economicreview.    The bank said that without a major drop in the inflationrate, the rand was bound to eventually decrease even more,regardless of a sharp rise in the gold price.    Inflation is running at an annual rate of some 17 pct andthe rand is around 49.53 U.S. Cents. Most economists estimatecontinued high inflation.    Volkskas predicted the rand will remain fairly steady forthe rest of 1987 and then ease slightly next year. REUTER
A sharp rise in Soviet sugar consumptionsince the start of the Kremlin's anti-alcohol drive indicateshome brewing is costing the state 20 billion roubles in lostvodka sales, Pravda said.    The Communist Party newspaper said sugar sales hadincreased by one mln tonnes a year, enough to be turned intotwo billion bottles of moonshine.    At current vodka prices of 10 roubles a bottle, it said,this meant illicit alcohol consumption had reached theequivalent of 20 billion roubles a year, or annual revenuesfrom vodka sales before the May 1985 anti-alchohol decree.    "Official statistics show a reduction in consumption ofvodka, but this is a deceptive statistic -- it does not counthome-brew," Pravda said.    "The epidemic first engulfed the villages and has now alsofirmly settled into cities, where the availability of naturalgas, running water and privacy has made it much easier."    Kremlin leader Mikhail Gorbachev launched the anti-alcoholcampaign shortly after taking office in March 1985 as a firststep to improving Soviet economic performance, which had beenseriously hurt by drunkenness among the working population. REUTER

Equiticorp Holdings Ltd &lt;EQUW.WE> now ownsor has received acceptances representing 59.93 pct of theissued ordinary share capital of Guinness Peat Group Plc&lt;GNSP.L>, Equiticorp said in a statement.    Equiticorp's offer for Guinness Peat became unconditionalon October 3, when it had 50.6 pct, and closed on October 17. REUTER
Lebanon's Bankers Association said itextended its suspension of trading in the Lebanese pound fortwo more working days to study ways to stem the currency'scollapse.    The Central Bank did not post the rate of the pound to thedollar and other currencies on Monday. The pound closed onThursday at 407.00/412.00 to the dollar compared withWednesday's close of 384.00/386.00.    Association sources told Reuters Friday's suspension oftrading for two working days was continued on Monday for twomore days so as to study proposals to reinforce the pound.    The Association, which comprises 106 commercial banks ineast and west Beirut, halted trading on Friday in a chaoticmarket after the pound crashed to four record lows in the week.    The pound, hit by the inability of Lebanon's religiouslyand ideologically divided government to end 12 years of civilwar, has lost more than 80 pct of its international value thisyear. REUTER

Den Norske Stats Oljeselskap A/S (Statoil)&lt;STAT.OL>, operator on Norway's North Sea Veslefrikk oil field,has placed field development contracts totalling 1.5 billioncrowns with two domestic yards, the company said in astatement.    Moss Rosenberg Verft, a subsidiary of Kvaerner IndustrierA/S &lt;KVIO.OL> won a 1.2 billion crown contract to convertStatoil's semisubmersible rig West Vision to a floatingproduction platform and to build the deck for a separate, fixedwell-head platform to be placed on the field, it said.    Statoil said Aker Verdal, a unit of Aker Norcem A/S&lt;AMVO.OL>, won a 300-mln crown contract to design and build thewell-head platform's 10,000-tonne steel substructure, to standin 150 metres of water next to the converted rig.    Statoil said using a floating production unit rather than afixed platform would cut construction time, enabling fieldpartners to bring Veslefrikk on stream in late 1989 -- severalmonths earlier than previously planned.    Veslefrikk, with estimated recoverable reserves of 258 mlnbarrels oil and 140 billion cubic feet gas, is located 145 kmwest of Bergen.    Statoil estimates the field's total development cost,including drilling, at 6.6 billion crowns. Planned daily outputis 65,000 barrels oil and 35 mln cubic feet gas.    Veslefrikk's oil will be landed via the nearby Osebergfield pipeline at the Sture crude terminal near Bergen. Its gaswill be fed into the Statpipe line, which gathers gas fromNorway's Statfjord, Gullfaks and Oseberg fields.    Partners on the field are Statoil, the operator, with a 55pct share, &lt;Unocal Norge A/S> (18 pct), &lt;Deminex (Norge) A/S>(13.5 pct), Norsk Hydro A/S &lt;NHY.OL> (nine pct) and &lt;SvenskaPetroleum AB> (4.5 pct). REUTER
The Group of Seven (G-7) industrial nationsstill comply with last February's Louvre accord to stabilizecurrencies, a senior Bank of Japan official said.    And U.S. Treasury Secretary James Baker's remarks at theweekend indicating the need to revise it do not herald a lowerrange for the dollar, other senior officials from the Bank ofJapan and Finance Ministry agreed in interviews.    "The exchange market is apparently reacting too much, andanyone who sold the dollar on the Baker comment will regret itlater on," the Bank of Japan official told Reuters.    The Bank official said Baker did not mean to talk thedollar down. A lower dollar would harm the U.S. Economy, henoted.    A Finance Ministry official who was directly involved inmonetary talks with other nations also said the U.S. Wouldnever attempt to lower the reference range for the dollaragainst the mark or the yen.    The market assumes the dollar reference range to be between140-150 yen and between 1.70 and 1.90 marks.    The dollar closed in Tokyo today at 1.7730/35 marks and141.35 yen.    "Behind Baker's remark was U.S. Frustration over higherinterest rates abroad, especially in West Germany, but thisdoes not represent its readiness to scrap the basic frameworkof the Louvre accord," the Finance Ministry official said.    He said that on the contrary Baker wanted to avoid anyfurther rise in U.S. Interest rates because it would not onlyhurt the U.S. Economy but aggravate the Third World debtproblem.    Higher U.S. Interest rates would merely raise theirinterest payment burden and depress U.S. Stock and bond marketsfurther, the monetary officials said.    Both the ministry and central bank officials, who declinedto be named, noted the U.S. No longer wants to see a furtherdecline of the dollar because that could also fan inflationaryexpectations in the U.S.    "That's why Baker did not fail to add that the Louvreagreement is still operative," the senior ministry officialsaid.    Baker said in a U.S. Television interview on Sunday thatWashington would reexamine the Louvre accord because of WestGermany's increase in short-term interest rates.    The market at first interpreted this as indicating the U.S.Would be ready to scrap the Louvre accord and let the dollardecline further unless surplus countries, notably West Germany,try harder to stimulate their economies as pledged in theaccord, foreign exchange dealers said.    But the market on reflection also noted Baker's additionalstatement that "the Louvre agreement is still operative," andthis caused some dollar short-covering in Tokyo today, thedealers said.    Uncertainty, however, remained the flavour of the day inTokyo currency markets.    The Japanese monetary officials said Baker's undisguisedpressure on West Germany to refrain from guiding interest rateshigher may be part of a process of multilateral surveillance,or international economic policy coordination.    The G-7, comprising the U.S., Japan, West Germany, Britain,France, Italy and Canada, have agreed to monitor each other'seconomic policies and from time to time apply "peer pressure" topersuade others to change their policies to a desired course,they noted. "Without such a basic agreement of multilateralsurveillance, Baker would never have criticized the West Germanpolicy so openly," the ministry official said.    The U.S.-West German squabble over Bonn's monetary policyshould thus be regarded as a process of healthy policycoordination and not as any indication of a possible collapseof the Louvre agreement, the official said.    He also said Japan has not received any specific requestfrom the U.S. On its monetary policy, although its short-termmoney rates have been edging higher.    "This is because we, unlike the Germans, are not takingpolicy to guide interest rates higher, and the marginal raterise in recent days is primarily for seasonal reasons," headded. REUTER


The Bank of Japan will sell 800 billion yenin bills from its holdings on Tuesday to help absorb aprojected money market surplus of 470 billion yen and recycle400 billion in bills maturing then, money market traders said.    Of the total, 400 billion yen will yield 3.8512 pct onsales from money houses to banks and securities houses through29-day repurchase agreements maturing on November 17. These areaimed at meeting a projected cash shortage on that day, whenthe government floats 1.95 mln shares in Nippon Telegraph andTelephone Corp. The other 400 billion will yield 3.9006 pctthrough 44-day repurchase accords maturing on December 2.    The operation will bring the supply of bills outstanding toabout 3,200 billion yen. REUTER
Norwegian computer company Norsk Data A/S&lt;NORK.OL> said weak sales outside of Europe have forced it tolower its 1987 pre-tax profit forecast by 100 mln crowns andits expected 1987 sales figure by about 150 mln crowns.    Norsk Data said in August it expected to show a pre-taxprofit of between 550 and 600 mln crowns this year.    The sales figure was lowered after it became clear sales inNorth America and India would not match earlier predictions,the company said in a statement, adding: "It is ... Doubtfulthat this discrepancy can be compensated by a correspondingextra increase in its European business."    The company said its sales in Europe remained strong,however, and were expected to grow by 25 to 35 pct in 1987.    Norsk Data in August dropped a planned issue of newnon-voting shares in the United States, Norway and othercountries because of unfavourable market conditions.    The move was seen by Oslo and London securities analysts asa sign the company's rapid growth years might be over.    Norsk Data showed a 177.9 mln crown pre-tax profit for thefirst six months of 1987, up six pct from the year-ago figureof 168 mln. Its 1986 pre-tax profit before year-end allocationswas 475 mln crowns against 364 mln in 1985. REUTER
No clear indication has emerged of thevictor in the race to succeed Prime Minister Yasuhiro Nakasonebut political analysts said it was becoming more likely thatformer foreign minister Shintaro Abe would be chosen.    A decision on which of the three contenders would be pickedwas expected late today or early on Tuesday, they said.    Japanese political leaders held a flurry of closed-doormeetings today and the three candidates called on Nakasone, whois due to step down late this month, to mediate to break thedeadlock.    The other candidates are Finance Minister Kiichi Miyazawaand former Finance Minister Noboru Takeshita.    They are vying for the post of president of the rulingLiberal Democratic Party (LDP), who is automatically primeminister by virtue of the party's parliamentary majority.    The new LDP president will be named formally at a partyconvention on October 30 and elected prime minister byparliament, probably on November 6, LDP sources said.    Nakasone, 69, is due to retire on October 31 after fiveyears in the post, an exceptionally long term by Japanesestandards.    Takeshita, who is head of the party's largest faction, hadsteadfastly opposed the idea of seeking Nakasone's help, but hetold reporters: "It is possible Nakasone will be given carteblanche (for selection of his successor)."    One political analyst, who declined to be identified, saidNakasone, despite a personal preference for Miyazawa, is likelyto choose Abe as the best candidate for steering Japan throughits international problems and maintaining party unity. Abealso would also accept Nakasone's influence, he said. Analystssaid one of Nakasone's prime aims is to retain as much power aspossible following his retirement.    Takeshita, the early favorite because of the size of hisfaction, is viewed by many politicians and analysts as beingunsuitable for the post of prime minister because of his lackof international experience.    The analysts said Nakasone also was very unlikely tosupport Takeshita's bid because of the differences in theirpolitical styles. REUTER

TDK Corp &lt;TDK.T> said its sales rose 3.6pct in the three months ended August 31 due to better sales ofelectronic materials and components, which grew 9.2 pctcompared with the same period of 1986.    Net profit gained only 0.5 pct due to lower interest incomeand exchange losses which depressed non-operating income, itsaid. It earlier reported net up to 4.20 billion from 4.18billion in the year earlier period after sales up to 95.96billion from 92.59 billion. The proportion of overseas sales tototal sales fell to 45.2 pct from 45.6 pct a year earlier dueto lower tape sales to North America. REUTER
Cable and Wireless Plc &lt;CAWL.L> said itwill merge its Hong Kong Telephone Co Ltd &lt;TELH.HK> and &lt;Cableand Wireless (Hong Kong) Ltd> units into a new holding firm tobe called &lt;Hong Kong Telecommunications Ltd>.    Under the merger, H.K. Telephone shareholders will receivetwo H.K. Telecommunication shares at a par value of 50 H.K.Cents for each H.K. Telephone share at par of one dlr.    H.K. Telephone shareholders other than the Cable andWireless group will receive warrants on a one-for-five basisentitling them to acquire from Cable and Wireless Plc withinfive years one H.K. Telecom share at 10 dlrs each.    The Cable and Wireless Plc group now holds some 70 pct ofH.K. Telephone. It also owns 80 pct of Cable and Wireless (HongKong), while the Hong Kong government holds the balance.    Trading in H.K. Telephone shares was suspended on October15. The shares last traded at 19.30 dlrs. REUTER
Nine months ended August 31    Group shr 118.66 yen vs 100.89 yen    Group shr per ADS 237.32 vs 201.78    Net 14.28 billion vs 12.14 billion    Pretax 34.48 billion vs 29.45 billion    Sales 288.08 billion vs 278.50 billion    Company's full name is TDK Corp &lt;TDK.T>. REUTER

Third quarter ended August 31    Group shr 34.92 yen vs 34.74    Group shr per ADS 69.84 vs 69.48    Net 4.20 billion vs 4.18 billion    Pretax 10.30 billion vs 9.73 billion    Sales 95.96 billion vs 92.59 billion    Company's full name is TDK Corp &lt;TDK.T> REUTER


French Finance Minister Edouard Balladurissued a firm call for the continued faithful application ofthe Louvre accords on currency stability by all majorindustrial countries.    Balladur, responding to weekend remarks by U.S. TreasurySecretary James Baker that the U.S. Would take another look atthe accords, said "I firmly desire a faithfull and firmadherence by all the major industrial countries to the Louvreaccords -- in both their letter and spirit."    On Sunday, Baker said last week's rise in short-term WestGerman interest rates was not in keeping with the accords.    The Louvre accords, agreed in Paris last February, calledfor stability among the major currencies after a prolongeddollar slide.    The accords were reaffirmed by the Group of Seven FinanceMinisters in Washington last month.    But Baker said at the weekend that the West German raterise was "not in keeping with the spirit of what we agreed to."    "What I'm really saying is that they should not expect us tosimply sit back here and accept increased tightening on theirpart on the assumption that somehow we are going to followthem," he added. REUTER
International Rubber Organisation(INRO) buffer stock manager Aldo Hofmeister said tests hadshown the quality of rubber in stock was acceptable, butacknowledged that some consumers were now wary of buying it.    "We have said all along that the rubber is holding up wellfrom a condition and quality standpoint...Rubber stored inproper conditions does not deteriorate," he told Reuters in atelephone interview. The quality of buffer stock rubber soldsince he entered the market in September would be discussed atan INRO Council meeting which opened here today, he said.    Tokyo traders said on Friday they had little interest inbuying rubber from the INRO buffer stock because of possiblepoor quality.    Hofmeister began selling rubber when prices exceeded the"may-sell' level of 232 cents per kg early last month. INRO'sfive-day moving average was quoted at 237.3 cents on October16. He said the quality of five to six-year old rubber in stockwas uppermost in consumers' minds.    "We have received good interest for the rubber. I understandthe Japanese concern. Many consumers want to try the rubberbefore they carry on buying," he said.    Hofmeister said INRO rubber was stored in 28 differentlocations in producing and consuming nations, adding allwarehouses used were suitable for long-term storage.    Selling of buffer stock rubber had levelled off during thepast week to 10 days and this could reflect a "wait and seeattitude" by buyers, he said.    "Consumers are holding back from buying additional amountsuntil they test out the rubber. If their tests are positiive,they are likely to buy more." Hofmeister said he could reducethe offer price of buffer stock rubber to stimulate interestbut INRO did not want to depress prices artificially.    Hofmeister declined to comment on Japanese trade estimatesthat he had sold around 30,000 to 32,000 tonnes in Kuala Lumpurand New York since September.    But he said Japanese traders were in a position to have anidea of the quantity he had sold, noting that traders overallhad put buffer stock sales at between 25,000 and 35,000 tonnes.    The question of sales from the original 360,000 tonnebuffer stock is expected to be the main topic of the Councilmeeting which is scheduled to end on Thursday.    The current international rubber pact expires on October22.    The deadline for the new pact's start is January 1989 andHofmeister has been mandated to continue selling rubber duringthe interim period. REUTER
Continental Airlines Inc saidFrontier Airlines, which it bought last year, has soughtapproval from the U.S. Bankruptcy court here to pay up to 1.9mln dlrs in employee medical, dental and other benefit claimson an expedited basis.    Continental is itself owned by Texas Air Corp &lt;TEX>.    Some 1.2 mln dlrs of the claims would be paid directly toformer Frontier employees for medical expenses incurred priorto, and immediately after, Fronter filed for bankrupcty andceased operations in August last year. REUTER

Nippon Shinpan Co Ltd &lt;NSHT.T> has agreedwith &lt;Mastercard International> to issue a new credit cardcalled Nippon Shinpan-Master Joint Card for use in Japan andabroad, a Nippon Shinpan spokesman said.    The card, to be issued within the year, will be honoured atMastercard-affiliated outlets in 160 countries and at locationsaccepting the Nippon Shinpan card, he said.    Nippon Shinpan reached a similar agreement with &lt;VisaInternational> on September 29. REUTER
An income tax surcharge and capitalgains tax could bring about an urgently needed depreciation ofthe N.Z. Dollar, independent economist Len Bayliss said.    Bayliss, a former economist with the Reserve Bank and theBank of New Zealand, said a major depreciation is needed torestore export competitiveness even if inflation is cut bycurrent government policies.    The taxes would help cut the budget deficit, which in turnwould lower the value of the N.Z. Dollar, he said in a speech.He added that the deficit for the year ending March 1988 couldbe much higher than the government's 1.3 billion dlr forecast.    Since the government was unlikely to cut expenditure as apercentage of gross domestic product, a major tax increase wasprobably unavoidable, Bayliss said.    He would have preferred an increase in the 10 pctvalue-added goods and services tax, introduced in October 1986,but that would have had a short-term inflationary impact.Import tariffs should be lowered to minimise the inflationaryimpact of a currency depreciation.    The government had failed to bring inflation down despitelower oil prices and an appreciation in the currency, he added.    New Zealand's inflation rate was 16.9 pct in the year toend-September against 18.9 pct in the year to end June.    The major deficiency in the government's anti-inflationpolicies was reliance on high interest and exchange rates andinsufficient emphasis on reducing the budget deficit, Baylisssaid. The government had also failed to reduce overseas debtand debt ratios and cut the balance of payments deficit.    "The widespread belief that (New Zealand's) problems aregoing to take much longer to solve than was originally thoughtis soundly based -- primarily because the government'smacro-economic policies have been unsuccessful," Bayliss said. REUTER
The Philippines' trade deficit widened to542 mln dlrs in the eight months to end-August from 159 mlndlrs in the same 1986 period, the National Statistics Officesaid.    It said exports in the eight-month period rose to 3.58billion dlrs from 3.18 billion in 1986, while imports rose to4.12 billion dlrs from 3.34 billion a year earlier.    The country's trade deficit totalled 202 mln dlrs in 1986. REUTER
Iranian President Ali Khamenei said hedoubted the U.S. Was in position to take violent action againstIran in the Gulf, Tehran Radio reported.    The U.S. Government "is in a very difficult situation nowand it is not clear if it has the necessary elements for aviolent action," the radio quoted him as saying in an interviewwith the English language daily Tehran Times.    In Washington, President Ronald Reagan said he had decidedon a response to Iran, which the Americans blame for twomissile attacks on U.S.-related tankers in Kuwaiti waters lastweek, but declined to say what the response was.    Khamenei said the U.S. Government had to take some actionto demonstrate its authority, "but on the other hand any violentact in the Persian Gulf will greatly harm long-term U.S.Interests," the radio, monitored in Nicosia, reported.    On efforts for a ceasefire in the Iran-Iraq war, Khameneisaid: "Declaration of the aggressor and a ceasefire should beconcurrent. Formation of a panel to determine the aggressornecessarily preceeds the ceasefire."    He also rejected a peace-keeping committee or a bufferforce as instruments to implement a July 20 U.N. SecurityCouncil order for a ceasefire in the seven-year-old Gulf war. REUTER

New Zealand has imposed sanctionsagainst Fiji in response to that country's change of status toa republic, acting prime minister Geoffrey Palmer said.    The sanctions will end all military cooperation and cuteconomic aid. New Zealand will also not renew an agreementwhich supports the price of Fijian sugar when it expires inMarch. The loss of aid and sugar supports will cost Fiji about10 mln dlrs a year.    Palmer told reporters after a cabinet meeting that thegovernment had asked High Commissioner Rod Gates to return fromSuva for discussions about other possible measures.    "We won't be reacting further until these discussions withthe High Commissioner and the Prime Minister have been held,"Palmer said.    The sanctions were approved by the cabinet soon afterColonel Sitivene Rabuka staged his second coup on September 25.Implementation was postponed in the hope that Rabuka might turnback from declaring a republic.    Palmer said the cabinet was happy with the statement fromCommonwealth leaders in Vancouver that Fiji's membership of theCommonwealth had lapsed. Prime Minister David Lange is inHawaii on his way home from Vancouver. REUTER
The Ministry of Finance has started toconsider the coupon rate of the 10-year government bond issuefor November, a Ministry official said.    The underwriting syndicate may want a rise in the couponrate by nearly one point from the current 4.9 pct, he said. Butbond traders see a rise to about 5.6 pct as most likely.    Ministry officials will try to keep the rate low to meetU.S. Requests for maintenance of the interest rate differentialbetween the U.S. And Japan, the Ministry official told Reuters.    Plans for an October issue were cancelled when the Ministryand the bond underwriting syndicate failed to reach agreementon terms.    The underwriting syndicate will start negotiating with theFinance Ministry on the terms of the November issue after anychanges in the prime rate for November are decided, whichshould be by the end of this week, an underwriting source said.    Cancellation of the November bond issue is not out of thequestion, he said, adding that negotiations are expected to bedifficult. REUTER
Uganda plans to export roasted coffee toEurope by the end of 1988, a prominent local businessman said.    A.R. Sendi said on Sunday that Uganda's Ministry ofIndustry supports his plan to build a factory to roast, grindand pack local coffee for export. Construction will start inDecember and the factory should be ready by next October.    He said the Marketing Ministry has authorised the CoffeeMarketing Board to supply his company &lt;Unipack> with 24,000tonnes of beans a year for processing and export. Sendi alsotold reporters he had negotiated a 69.7 mln French franc loanfrom the Banque Industrielle d'Afrique Oriental in Paris.    Uganda is the world's fifth largest coffee producer, andexpects to produce about 200,000 tonnes this year.    Market sources say roasted coffee exports will benefitUganda's economy as they will not be included in the 2.38 mln(60 kg) bag export quota assigned to the country under thelatest International Coffee Agreement.    In addition, the value of roasted coffee should besubstantially higher than that of unroasted beans, they said.    The U.S. Is the biggest buyer of Ugandan coffee, most ofwhich is used to produce instant coffee. REUTER
The Soviet Union has agreed to supplyIran with refined oil products in exchange for 100,000 barrelsper day of crude, Iran's national news agency, IRNA, said.    IRNA, monitored in Nicosia, quoted Oil Minister GholamrezaAqazadeh as saying on his return to Tehran from Moscow that theagreement was part of a protocol on economic cooperation signedduring his visit. The amount of crude delivered to the SovietUnion might double to 200,000 bpd later, he said.    Aqazadeh said the two sides agreed to conduct feasibilitystudies for a pipeline to take Iranian crude from fields insouthern Iran to the Black Sea through the Soviet Union.    Iran is pursuing the pipeline project to protect part ofits oil exports from Iraqi air attacks in the Gulf.    Irna made no mention of natural gas exports to the SovietUnion, which Aqazadeh had said would be discussed before heleft for Moscow.    Iran lost most of its refining capacity early in the Gulfwar and now imports several hundred thousand bpd of refinedproducts.    Aqazadeh said Soviet refined products would be delivered atthe Caspian Sea ports of Anzali and Nowshahr, at Neka, near theCaspian, and at Jolfa in north-west Iran. REUTER
Orders for non-fuel imports placed inAugust rose a seasonally adjusted 14.9 pct, compared with a 1.0pct rise in July and a 3.1 pct rise in August 1986, accordingto a regular monthly restricted survey of private importers,the Statistics Department said.    The Department said significant increases were shown inorders for crude materials (up an unadjusted 83.9 pct inAugust), iron, steel and non-ferrous metals (21.1 pct), andmachinery and electrical equipment (19.3 pct).    Only the food and beverages group showed a significantdecrease with an 18.3 pct fall in August, it said.    The Statistics Department said mineral fuel orders rose29.6 pct in August compared with a 28.1 pct fall in July and a14.9 pct fall in August 1986.    The monthly survey covers about 40 pct of total merchandiseimports on average. REUTER
Thai rice exports rose to 72,987 tonnesin the week ended October 13 from 54,075 the previous week, theCommerce Ministry said.    It said the government and private exporters shipped 26,272and 46,715 tonnes respectively. Private exporters concludedadvance weekly sales for 106,640 tonnes against 98,152 theprevious week. The said it ministry expects at least 65,000tonnes in exports next week.    Thailand has shipped 3.43 mln tonnes of rice in the year todate, down from 3.68 mln a year ago. It has commitments toexport another 388,390 tonnes this year. REUTER
Chase Corp Ltd &lt;CHCA.WE> said it willmake an offer for all fully-paid shares and options of&lt;Entregrowth International Ltd> it does not already own.    Chase, a property investment firm, said it holds 48 pct ofEntregrowth, its vehicle for expansion in North America.    It said agreements are being concluded to give it abeneficial 72.4 pct interest.    The offer for the remaining shares is one Chase share forevery three Entregrowth shares and one Chase option for everyfour Entregrowth options. Chase shares closed on Friday at 4.41dlrs and the options at 2.38.    Entregrowth closed at 1.35 dlrs and options at 55 cents.    Chase said the offer for the remaining 27.6 pct ofEntregrowth, worth 34.2 mln dlrs, involved the issue of 5.80mln Chase shares and 3.10 mln Chase options.    Chase chairman Colin Reynolds said the takeover would allowEntregrowth to concentrate on North American operations withaccess to Chase's international funding base and a strongerexecutive team. He said there also would be benefits fromintegrating New Zealand investment activities.    Chase said the offer is conditional it receiving accptancesfor at least 90 pct of the shares and options. REUTER
An announcement by Alliant ComputerSystems Inc &lt;ALNT> of a new low-end near-supercomputer and &lt;ETASystems Inc>'s unveiling of a high-end machine in the samecategory show competition is stiff in this market, industryanalysts said.     Consultants said Alliant's new FX computer, aimed mainlyat scientists and researchers will be priced between 100,000and 200,000 dlrs and will be faster than anything else in thatprice range. But they said Alliant is trying to bring prices inline with discounts it now gives many of its customers.    "(The new FX) is significant to the extent that itrepresents Alliant's recognition of the reality of themarketplace," said a source who was briefed by Alliant on thenew computer. "The list price is more in line with what they areseeing anyway."    Near-supercomputers, often called mini-supercomputers,resemble the massive supercomputers favoured by scientists butare much less expensive and a quarter as powerful.    Supercomputers cost well over one mln dlrs butmini-supercomputers are generally priced between 200,000 dlrsand one mln dlrs.    Most near-supercomputers use a new computer architecturecalled parallel processing, in which a problem is broken upinto segments and each segment assigned to a differentprocessor. General-purpose mainframe computers have just oneprocessor that works on one segment of a problem at a time,making them too slow for complex scientific problems.    Near-supercomputers have been in existence for only aboutfive years and the two leading manufacturers, Alliant andConvex Computer Corp (CNVX), held two of the most successfulinitial public offerings last year.    But Alliant and Convex, a Texas company, are also facingsome 15 companies competing for between 200 and 250 mln dlrs insales this year, and the result has been lower prices andshrinking profit margins.    Heavy discounting, slow acceptance outside the scientificmarket, lack of software and too many competitors also havemade analysts reassess prospects for near-supercomputers.    Jeffrey Canin, computer analyst with Hambrecht and Quist,said he just added a year to his original growth estimates forthe industry. He now expects sales to reach 1.1 billion dlrs in1991, instead of 1990.    In recent weeks both Alliant and Convex have said theirthird quarter earnings would be reduced by "competitive pricingpressures."    Alliant said profits for the period will be about fivecents a share against eight cents last year, although revenuesfor the period rose to 14.2 mln dlrs from 8.6 mln.    Convex said third quarter earnings will be less than thesecond quarter's 12 cents a share while revenues will risealmost eight mln dlrs over the 1986 third quarter to between 18and 18.5 mln dlrs.    Until now, most of the price discounting occurred at thebottom of the product line in near-supercomputers, but ETASystem's announcement could start squeezing Convex and Alliantfrom the top, analysts said.    ETA, a subsidiary of Control Data Corp &lt;CDC>, introducedtwo machines that are really full-blown supercomputers similarto those sold by Cray Research Inc, the world's biggestsupercomputer maker, but at half the price of Cray's cheapestmodel. The ETA-10 Model P costs 995,000 dlrs and the Model Q is1.2 mln dlrs.    ETA officials told a news conference the new machines maybe classified as supercomputers but they are aimed directly atthe upper end of the product lines from Alliant and Convex.    Acceptance of ETA's product could be hampered by lack ofsoftware, analysts said, noting this is an issue that faces allparallel processor makers to some degree.    Because parallel processing is a new architecture that hasyet to be widely used, third party software vendors have beenslow to write programs for the near-supercomputers.    ETA, however, "offers a low priced entry into supercomputersfor some customers," one consultant said.    Canin cautioned that "the price pressures will continue forsome time" and estimated that five percentage points have beenknocked off the gross profit margins of both Convex and Alliantthis year by price discounting.    Next year, he said, the two companies will face a new setof problems as they both introduce their second generation ofproducts. "I am always cautious about the first major producttransition." REUTER
Tokyo's foreign exchange market is watchingnervously to see if the U.S. Dollar will drop below thesignificant 140.00 yen level, dealers said.    "The 140 yen level is key for the dollar because it isconsidered to be the lower end of the reference range. If thecurrency breaks through this level, it may decline sharply,"said Hirozumi Tanaka, assistant general manager at Dai-ichiKangyo Bank Ltd's international treasury division.    The dollar was at 141.10 yen at midday against Fridaycloses of 142.35/45 in New York and 141.35 here.    The dollar opened at 140.95 yen and fell to a low of140.40. It was 1.7733/38 marks against 1.7975/85 in New Yorkand 1.8008/13 here on Friday, after an opening 1.7700/10.    The currency's decline was due to remarks on Sunday by U.S.Treasury Secretary James Baker, dealers said.    "The dollar fell over the weekend on increased bearishsentiment after Baker's comments," said Dai-ichi's Tanaka. Hesaid this stemmed from mounting concern that cooperation amongthe group of seven (G-7) industrial nations to implement theLouvre accord to stabilise currencies might be fraying.    The dollar's fall was also prompted by a record one-daydrop in the Dow Jones industrial average on Friday and weaknessin U.S. Bond prices, dealers said.    Baker said the Louvre accord was still operative but hestrongly criticised West German moves to raise key interestrates. Operators took Baker's comment to indicate impatiencewith some G-7 members for failing to stick to the Louvre accorddue to their fears of increasing inflation.    Rises in interest rates aimed at dampening inflationarypressures also slow domestic demand.    West Germany and Japan had both pledged at G-7 meetings toboost domestic demand to help narrow the huge U.S. Tradedeficit, Tanaka said.    U.S. August trade data showed the U.S. Deficit at a stillmassive 15.68 billion dlrs. But if West Germany raises interestrates, this would run counter to the pledge, he said.    "Operators are now waiting to see if the G-7 nationscoordinate dollar buying intervention," said Soichi Hirabayashi,deputy general manager of Fuju Bank Ltd's foreign exchangedepartment.    The target range set by the Louvre accord is generallyconsidered to be 140.00 to 160.00 yen, dealers said.    "The market is likely to try the 140 yen level in the nearfuture and at that time, if operators see the G-7 nationsfailing to coordinate intervention, they would see the Louvreaccord as abandoned and push the dollar down aggressively,"Hirabayashi said. He said the U.S. Currency could fall as lowas 135 yen soon. REUTER
The Japan/India-Pakistan-Gulf/Japanshipping conference said it would cut the extra risk insurancesurcharges on shipments to Iranian and Iraqi ports to a minimumthree pct from 4.5 pct on October 25.    It said surcharges on shipments of all break-bulk cargoesto non-Iraqi Arab ports would be reduced to 3.0 pct from 4.5.    A conference spokesman declined to say why the move wastaken at a time of heightened tension in the Gulf. REUTER
The Soviet Union's industrial output isgrowing at a slower pace in 1987 than in 1986 and foreign tradehas fallen, Central Statistical Office figures show.    Figures in the Communist Party newspaper Pravda showindustrial production rose 3.6 pct in the first nine months of1987 against 5.2 pct in the same 1986 period.    Foreign trade in the same period fell 3.6 pct from the 1986period as exports fell by 0.5 pct and imports dropped by 4.2pct.    Foreign trade in the nine months totalled 94.2 billionroubles. Separate import and export figures were not given.    One factor affecting industrial growth was the introductionof a new quality control plan, Western economists said. Lastyear's calculations of industrial output included all goods,irrespective of quality.    Under the new plan, introduced in line with Soviet leaderMikhail Gorbachev's drive to modernise the economy, specialinspectors have the right to reject goods they consider belowstandard.    Pravda said 42 mln roubles worth of defective goods wererejected in the nine-month period.    The figures also showed that on October 1, there were morethan 8,000 cooperative enterprises employing over 80,000people. More than 200,000 were employed in the private sector,Pravda said, without giving comparative figures.    The promotion of the cooperative and private sectors of theeconomy has been an important part of the modernisationcampaign, with measures introduced recently to allow thesetting up of small shops on a private basis.    Labour productivity rose 3.7 pct in the first nine monthsagainst 4.8 pct growth in January to September 1986.    But western economists said they treat Soviet productivityfigures with caution, as they are more broadly based than inthe West, which measures worker output over a given period.    Pravda said there were 283.8 mln people in the Soviet Unionas of October 1. In the January to September 1987 period 118.5mln people were employed, a rise of 4.4 pct on the same periodlast year. Average earnings were 200 roubles a month against194 roubles a year ago. REUTER
Six black miners have been killedand two injured in a rock fall three km underground at a SouthAfrican gold mine, the owners said on Sunday.    &lt;Rand Mines Properties Ltd>, one of South Africa's big sixmining companies, said in a statement that the accidentoccurred on Saturday morning at the &lt;East Rand ProprietaryMines Ltd> mine at Boksburg, 25 km east of Johannesburg.    A company spokesman could not elaborate on the shortstatement. REUTER
The prospect of a dominant alliance ofsocialists and environmentalists ended as the Social Democratsbecame the biggest losers in Swiss parliamentary elections.    Projections by Swiss radio show the ruling centre-rightalliance of Radical Democrats, Christian Democrats, SocialDemocrats and the People Party will likely hold on to power.    Less than 48 pct of voters cast a ballot, a record lowturnout. The moderate left-of-centre Social Democrats lost sixof its previous 47 seats. The Green Party of Switzerland won 11seats in the 200-seat lower house, a rise of eight. But theGreen Alliance and other green groupings lost one seat.    The Radical Democrats, Christian Democrats, SocialDemocrats and People Party are forecast to hold 159 seats, downseven from the last election in 1983, and 42 of the 46 seats inthe upper house, down one.    The projections showed the centre-right Radical Democratsdropping four seats to 50 in the lower house, although theywould remain the largest party.    The conservative Christian Democrats were seen losing oneseat to 41, while the right-wing People's Party, despiteforecast losses, added four to their previous 23 seats. REUTER
The American Stock Exchange said it hasintroduced options with expirations of up to three years on theInstitutional Index.    With the ticker symbol &lt;XII>, the index is a guage of thecore equity holdings of the nation's largest institutions, theexchange explained.    The new listings represent the first long-term options tobe traded by the Amex, it added.    It said the long-term Institutional Index options begantrading Monday with expirations of December 1988 &lt;XIV> andDecember 1989 &lt;XIX>.       The Amex said a third long-term option with an expirationof December 1990 will begin trading following the December 1987expiration.    It said strike prices on the long-term options have beenset at 50 point intervals with initial strikes of 250, 300 and350. To avoid conflicting strike price codes, the 350 stikeprices will carry the ticker symbols &lt;XVV> for the optionexpiring in December 1988 and &lt;XVX> for the option expiring inDecember 1989. Reuter