So its been 235 days since crooked Hillary Clinton has had a press conference
And you as reporters who give her all of these glowing reports should ask yourselves why
And Ill tell you why
Because despite the nice platitudes shes been a mess.
"You look at whats happened with ISIS which isnt even mentioned
You look at whats happening with law and order they dont even mention our police
They mention everybody but our police
They dont have an American flag on the dais until we started complaining and then they ran up with two very small little flags one that we saw.
"So you know I put myself through your news conferences often not that its fun
235 days no news conference for Hillary Clinton
You oughta check it out because theres a lot going on.
Her great disloyalty to the person that rigged the system for her Debbie Wasserman Schultz she totally rigged it
Bernie Sanders never had a chance
"And total disloyalty its like youre fired get out fast
The e-mail situation I call it the double e-mail situation both very serious
What was said in the last ones to the DNC was horrible absolutely horrible.
"If I wouldve used language like they used about religion about race about everything else that they discuss in those e-mails I wouldve had to run and hide and probably drop out of the race.
"With her everythings just fine
So just ask yourself why she doesnt have news conferences
And honestly the reason is because theres no way she can answer questions because the job she has done is so bad.
"When they talk about change I noticed they have change
Shes been there for 30 years
Its going to be the same its going to be an extension of Obama
She was for TPP she saw me on television knocking the hell out of it because its a horror show its going to kill all our jobs its going to be almost as bad as NAFTA maybe worse which her husband signed by the way which destroyed this country destroyed manufacturing in the United States.
"And Ill do something about it thatll be so renegotiated
And by the way yesterday for the first time she said she wants to renegotiate trade agreements
"She also saw me talking about TPP and currency manipulation and currency devaluation
And she heard it and she said wow she cant win that subject in a debate.
"So all of a sudden she goes and she goes against TPP her vice president is one of the biggest proponents of TPP and now hes going against it
And Bernie Sanders was right he was against it.
"They will go for TPP and vote it in very shortly after the election if she wins which for the sake of our country we all hope and I hope that she doesnt
They will vote it in—just mark my words hopefully we dont have to worry about it—but she will vote.
"Shell change a comma shell change a paragraph of the 6000 page document that nobodys even read on our side
Just so you understand the other countries know every word every paragraph every sentence every single comma and period.
"We dont even read it our country
Because were led by stupid people
so she saw me talking about TPP she realized that she couldnt defend it her special interests are pushing her hard because shes bought and sold by the special interests.
"Theyre pushing her very hard and so she said shes against it
The day she gets in—which hopefully will never happen—she will approve or shortly thereafter TPP
And that will be another disaster for job in our country OK?
"So why dont we start off any questions? Yes sir?
Its just a total deflection this whole thing with Russia
In fact I saw her campaign manager I dont know his title Mook
I saw him on television and they asked him about Russia and the hacking.
"By the way they hacked—they probably have her 33000 e-mails
They probably have her 33000 e-mails that she lost and deleted because youd see some beauties there
"But I watched this guy Mook and he talked about we think it was Russia that hacked
Now first of all was what was said on those thats so bad but he said I watched it
I think he was live
But he said we think it was Russia that hacked.
And then he said—and this is in person sitting and watching television as Ive been doing—and then he said could be Trump yeah yeah
Trump Trump oh yeah Trump
He reminded me of John Lovitz for "Saturday Night Live
in the liar where hed go yes yes I went to Harvard Harvard yes yes
This is the guy you have to see it
Yes it could be Trump yes yes
So it is so farfetched
Honestly I wish I had that power
Id love to have that power but Russia has no respect for our country
"And thats why—if it is Russia nobody even knows this its probably China or it could be somebody sitting in his bed
But it shows how weak we are it shows how disrespected we are
Total—assuming its Russia or China or one of the major countries and competitors its a total sign of disrespect for our country
Putin and the leaders throughout the world have no respect for our country anymore and they certainly have no respect for our leader
So I know nothing about it
Its one of the most farfetched Ive ever heard
I never met Putin I dont know who Putin is
He said one nice thing about me
He said Im a genius
I said thank you very much to the newspaper and that was the end of it
I would treat Vladimir Putin firmly but theres nothing that I can think of that Id rather do than have Russia friendly as opposed to the way they are right now so that we can go and knock out ISIS together with other people and with other countries
Wouldnt it be nice if we actually got along with people wouldnt it be nice if we actually got along as an example with Russia? Im all for it and lets go get ISIS because we have to get ISIS and we have to get them fast.
"You saw what happened with the priest its only going to get worse
And Hillary Clinton wants to allow 550 percent more people from that region into our country and we have no idea who they are where they come from where their documentation is its only going to get worse and its going to start getting bad in our country
Were letting people come in by the tens of thousands
You see what happened to the French priest
A friend of mine he said he was going to France like three four months ago
I said howd you like France
He said I wouldnt go to France
I wouldnt go to France
Because France is no longer France
France is no longer France
They wont like me for saying that but you see what happened in Nice you see what happened yesterday with the priest who was supposed to be a spectacular man
France is no longer France and this world better be very careful and they better get very tough and very smart and theyll never do it with Hillary Clinton.
"And by the way in terms of change shes been there for 30 years
Shes been doing this for 30 years
What shes going to go all of sudden things are going to change? Shes bought and sold 100 percent by special interests and lobbyists
And Ill release them when the audits completed
Nobody would release when its under—Ive had audits for 15 or 16 years
Every year I have a routine audit
Im under audit when the audits complete Ill release them
But zero I mean I will tell you right now zero I have nothing to do with Russia yes?
I dont know I dont know
It depends on the audit
It depends on the audit not a big deal
By the way just so you understand Ive released my papers 104 pages of documents
I built an unbelievable company tremendous cash tremendous company with some of the great assets of the world
You were all very disappointed when you saw it actually but thats OK
Far far great than anybody ever thought
I have a great company
I built an unbelievable company but if you look there youll see theres nothing in Russia.
"And as far as the tax returns as soon as the audits complete like any lawyer would tell you Greta Van Susteren she was going over it a while ago shes a lawyer
She said well no lawyer would let somebody release a tax return when theyre under audit
Ive gone through audits which I think is very unfair for 15 years
I have friends that are very rich and never get audited
Maybe thats because of politics who knows.
Im not going to tell Putin what to do
Why should I tell Putin what to do? He already did something today where he said dont blame them essentially for your incompetence
Let me tell you its not even about Russia or China or whoever it is thats doing the hacking
It was about the things that were said in those e-mails
They were terrible things talking about Jewish talking about race talking about atheist trying to pin labels on people—what was said was a disgrace and it was Debbie Wasserman Schultz and believe me as sure as youre sitting there Hillary Clinton knew about it
"Debbie Wasserman Schultz could not breathe without speaking and getting approval from Hillary Clinton
It also showed that it was a fixed race but Ive been saying that long before I saw the e-mails
It was a rigged race
And Debbie Wasserman Schultz rigged it for Hillary Clinton and the sad part is Bernie Sanders has to use an old word that I use on occasion hes lost his energy
He wants to go home and go to sleep
But hes got a lot of people that walked out last night
Now hundreds of people walked out of the Democrat Convention last night
I didnt even hear about it
I didnt see it on television
You people dont talk about it.
The Republican Convention was incredible
I hear I had one of the biggest bounces in decades
Like some people are saying nine points
In fact a poll just came out ten minutes ago "Los Angeles Times
And the reason is that people are sick and tired of Hillary Clinton
  Putin say stay out? Why not say that? "
Why do I have to get involved with Putin? I have nothing to do with Putin
Ive never spoken to him
I dont know anything about him other than he will respect me
He doesnt respect our president
And if it is Russia—which its probably not nobody knows who it is—but if it is Russia its really bad for a different reason because it shows how little respect they have for our country when they would hack into a major party and get everything
But it would be interesting to see—I will tell you this—Russia if youre listening I hope youre able to find the 30000 e-mails that are missing
I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press
Lets see if that happens
  this audience and make our campaign—what exactly do you believe should happen to minimum wage in this country  ? "OK
The minimum wage has to go up
People are—at least $10 but it has to go up
But I think that states—federal—I think that states should really call the shot
As an example I live in New York
Its very expensive in New York
You cant buy a hot dog for the money youre talking about
You go to other states and its not expensive at all
Now what it does is puts New York at a disadvantage if the minimum wage is up companies move out and things bad things happen
At the same time people have to be taken care of
But what Im really going to do on the minimum wage—but it has to go up.
Bernie Sanders said in his speech the other day that Donald Trump wants the minimum wage to go below $7
I said where did he come up with that one? That one is just like Joe Biden lied today
He said that Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb—he was on television—he said Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb the enemy in the Middle East
Now that was Ted Cruz that said that
That was not Donald Trump
I mean hes not a very bright guy but that was Ted Cruz that said it
And he said it with such surety—Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb—I never said I wanted to carpet bomb
You remember Ted Cruz said it? You will confirm that I think
"So I would like to raise it to at least $10 and what Im going to do is Im going to bring jobs back to this country so that people can start working again so that the $10 and the $15 and the numbers youre talking about are going to—literally theyre going to be peanuts compared to what people can make in the country because Im going to bring jobs back from Mexico which is booming booming
I have a friend who builds plants and hes a great builder of plants and I was with him the other day—great guy
He builds massive plants for automobiles for computers for anything
I think hes the biggest but certainly one of the biggest.
"And I said hows it going? He said unbelievable
Oh good thats good news
No the countrys not doing well but Mexico is unbelievable
The plants Im building in Mexico Ive never seen anything—its the eighth wonder of the world
Hed rather build them here
But he said its unbelievable
Thats whats happened to our country
Because we have leadership that doesnt know what theyre doing.
Yes were going to be listing; yeah were going to be giving a list of those territories
And if you come from those territories we have extreme vetting
And were going to have extreme vetting anyway
Look we have people coming into this country who have very evil intentions
And we have people whether in San Bernardino or whether its the World Trade Center or whether its a lot of other things and you look all over the world and you see whats happening.
"You look at Orlando how bad was that? And that was horrible
That was going after the gay community it looks like
We cant let this happen
We cannot let this happen
We cannot let people come in.
"Now Hillary Clinton likes to up it
Her running mate Tim Kaine who by the way did a terrible job in New Jersey
First act he did in New Jersey was ask for a $4 billion tax increase and hes not very popular in New Jersey
The first thing he did the first thing that Tim Kaine did he asked for a $4 billion tax increase
And hes not very popular
So let me just tell you and I went all over Virginia and I was there the other day
And I thought hed be popular
Hes not popular because he asked for tax increases
Big tax increases in Virginia
And also the unemployment went up I think it doubled or close to doubled during his tenure.
"But what he wanted to do is very strongly and hes on record he wanted to have even more of the people from that region of the world come in than Hillary Clinton wants
Shortly ago prosecutors in Baltimore announced they were dropping all the charges..
Against police involved in the Freddie Gray case
I do have a reaction to the prosecutor in Baltimore who indicted those police officers I do
I think she ought to prosecute herself OK? Thats my reaction
I think it was disgraceful what she did and the way she did it
And the news conference that she had where they were guilty before anybody even knew the facts.
"And I give a lot of respect and a lot of credit to those police officers who probably could have made a deal
I give a lot of respect a lot of credit that they stuck it out
And you had victory after victory after victory
And she had no chance dont forget she prosecuted the best case what she thought was her best cases first
She should be held accountable.
  to Americans who feel like this was kind of a railroad case
Freddie Gray is now a cause celebre
Well that was a bad case to prove it
That was a bad case
I mean if youre going to do that its OK because you have to you know there are times when police officers behave very badly
But you have to get the right time
This was not one of those times
And I think that she is a disgrace to the world of prosecutors for what she did
So as youve gotten to know Governor Pence what surprises you most about him...
I have a great relationship with Governor Pence
We spent the last three days together
He was absolutely my first choice and I never wavered despite the press
The press was saying and it was interesting I spoke to him at 11:05 him and his wife and I told him that I was going to be choosing them if Id be lucky enough for him to accept
For me that was it.
"But right around that time you had the attack in Nice
And I was going to have a news conference either the following morning or the next day
And of course I had to delay the news conference because there was attack a horrible attack horrible
And I delayed the news conference and everyone said oh hes having second thoughts
I never had a second thought in my life
It was such a lie
I mean so many lies in the press
But it was such a lie
And he has been so great
Honestly hes been even better than I thought OK? Better.
Do you think the Geneva Convention are out of date? "
I think everythings is out of date
We have a whole new world
When I said that NATO to Wolf Blitzer is obsolete I got attacked
Three days later people that study NATO said you know Trump is right
You know what? We have a lot of things that are out date because theyre 20 and 30 and 40 years old.
"NATO you know this isnt a country from 40 years ago
Today we have a different threat
We have a terror threat
And we have an ISIS threat
And by the way ISIS isnt even mentioned
Its not even mentioned during the Democratic Convention
And everyones talking about it
The reason they cant mention it is because they grew it.
What would you renegotiate: the enhanced interrogation aspect of it? The..
I would—Katy I would renegotiate so much of everything
Im going to renegotiate our trade deals where were losing with everybody Katy
Im going to renegotiate our military deals where were protecting countries and theyre not living up to the bargain
Theyre not living up to the bargain
And everyone agrees with me except for the media.
And the media never says that
I like NATO just so you understand
I like the concept of NATO
It is somewhat outdated because it doesnt cover terror the way it should
Ive been saying this for six months now
A couple of months ago front page Wall Street Journal "We are going to cover terror
But its got to be modernized
And—and countries that were protecting have to pay what theyre supposed to be paying.
Do you think that they should allow for that given the  ? 
I am a person that believes in enhanced interrogation yes
And by the way it works
will you defend the Baltic states if theyre invaded by Russia? According to...
Let me say it once again
Let me say it once again
OK? Many countries including the NATO countries some of which I think you have five that are current that have paid what they owe
And they can afford to pay this
Its not like they cant afford it.
"They just see us as a soft touch
You know in business we say somebodys a soft touch
I dont know if Ive been called a soft touch but maybe I have sometimes
But in business they call them a soft touch
OK? I want them to pay.
Im not like Obama where he tells you everything hes going to do—were going to go and do this; were going to go and do that
But theyre going to pay.
"No no—yeah it sends a signal
You know what signal it says? It says were going to pay.
You know somebody said "but we have treaties.
And in the treaties theyre supposed to pay
  how are you planning to  ? "
Were going to have a whole policy on that over the next three weeks
Im going to be doing a big thing on that.
Well Ive been doing very well with the Hispanic community
I mean the—the poll numbers are going up very high
I think we had one recently 35 or 36
But Im going to have a whole—were going to have a news conference on that over the next three weeks.
So and I want to just tell you because these polls cover it so L.A
Times 47-40; CNN way up
Biggest—they say the biggest bounce in memory
Because today I heard a dishonest guy on television say "Well Trump didnt get much of a bounce.
So you know I have to at least say
  do you believe that Vladimir Putin would rather deal with President Trump or President Clinton? "
I dont think he respects Clinton
I dont think Putin has any respect whatsoever for Clinton
I think he does respect me
And I hope I get along great with him
Its possible that we wont Jeremy
I hope that we get along great with Putin because it would be great to have Russia with a good relationship.
Right now we dont have a good relationship
Putin has said things over the last year that are really bad things
OK? He mentioned the "N
I was shocked to hear him mention the "N
You know what the "N
word is right? He mentioned it
"He has a total lack of respect for President Obama
Number one he doesnt like him
And number two he doesnt respect him
I think hes going to respect your president if Im elected
And I hope he likes me.
But let me finish with Jeremy
Would a President Trump be better for U.S.-Russia relations than  ? "
President Trump would be so much better for U.S.-Russian relations
Hey look when I was a young men studying history and studying all of these things that Ive always found fascinating one thing that Ive always heard is you never want to do anything to unite Russia and China
Well theyre united now in a true sense
"Theyre selling oil to China
We forced them into this position.
No Im not going to be an adversary
I have tenants from China
I have the biggest bank in the world from China paying me rent
I mean I have great relationships with China
Im not blaming China for getting away with murder
Im blaming our leadership is incompetent
We dont know what were doing.
"I dont blame—I respect China
Hey if China can get away with trade deficits every year of hundreds of billions of dollars—if they can get away with that my hats off to them.
I have no problem with China
I have a problem with our incompetent leadership allowing that to happen
And I believe that Hillary Clinton is even more bought and paid for than Barack Obama
I think it will get worse
"Its going to be four more years of Obama which is unacceptable to a lot of people you see that
But I believe that Hillary Clinton will be worse than Obama.
  you mentioned that you wanted to make college education more affordable
Thats right Im going to be doing something over the next four weeks very much so.
Are you prepared to give us any sort of..
No Im prepared to say were gonna have a great plan
One of the things I think because Ive traveled all over the country and Im going—you know where Im going I guess you all know I dont have to say.
"But Im going to Toledo and Im going to different places today and Ive met so many people
This is such a great country these are such great people
one of the saddest things I see are college students that work so hard that go to colleges good colleges theyre good students they do a great job.
"Number one they get out they have no jobs
Because our jobs are going to Mexico theyre going to China theyre going to Japan theyre going all over the place
Just like my friend who builds the plants but he doesnt build them here much.
"And the saddest thing I see is these students are leveraged debt up to their—up to their neck
They cant breathe theyre scared theyre so scared they have leveraged their entire life
And I have to tell you the colleges are viewing the students as just a con to it
Because the students get government money passes through but the number gets higher and higher
"Because college costs are out of control because the colleges say what difference does it make? If you take a look at the salaries being paid you take a look at whats going on with the colleges.
"Because all of this is a pass through and the students are a con to it
So the colleges are costing so much money
We are going to help the students
Maybe that doesnt fit beautifully within the Republican framework.
"But I told this during various times to lots of different people and nobody has a problem with it
We have to help our students
Our students are under tremendous pressure to a point where its making them sick.
"Our students are under tremendous pressure we have to help our students
And Im going to have a plan over the next four weeks.
Everythings on the table youll see
Everything—its a very important—its a very important subject.
I think my message is resonating because they have confidence on me at the border if they dont want people pouring into our country
Likewise they have confidence with me on ISIS not only in terms of getting rid of them but also in terms of keeping them out of our country because I will not have people come into our country who want to do damage to our people.
"I think they have a lot of confidence in terms of my bringing back jobs because I see Carrier and I see Ford and I see all of these companies leaving and going to Mexico like theres nothing to it
And then they make their product they sell it back to the United States no tax no nothing we get nothing except unemployment.
"And I think people see that
I can tell you I mean Im like a pollster myself when Im in front of these massive audiences one of the things that gets constantly—you people know because youre there—the biggest applause is a repeal and replacement of Obamacare.
"Because Obamacare is a disaster
In Texas going through BlueCross/BlueShield they just announced a 60 percent increase
On November 1st youre going to have new numbers come out for Obamacare having to do with increases
President Obama is trying to get it moved to December
It is going to be a massive number the biggest number ever in our countrys history for health care
Its going to be announced on November 1st.
"I just asked the press dont let him do that
Obamacare is a disaster people are dying with it
Its a disaster and everybody knows and its going to fold anyway.
"In 17 unfortunately—if Im president—I mean Ive got to take over this mess
Its going to fold anyway
But repeal and replace Obamacare people like it.
"They like the fact that Im going to protect the Second Amendment they like the fact that Im going to rebuild our military which is very depleted
Those are the things that are resonating.
"And they dont feel Hillary Clinton can do it.
Russia has no business in you—that you dont have any...
No I have nothing to do with Russia John
How many times do I have say that? Are you a smart man? I have nothing to with Russia I have nothing to do with Russia
What do I have to do with Russia? You know the closest I came to Russia I bought a house a number of years ago in Palm Beach Florida
Palm Beach is a very expensive place
There was a man who went bankrupt and I bought the house for $40 million and I sold it to a Russian for $100 million including brokerage commissions
So I bought it for 40 I told it for 100 to a Russian
That was a number of years ago
I guess probably I sell condos to Russians OK? 
I told you other than normal stuff—I buy a house if I sold it to a Russian
I have nothing to do with Russia
I said that Putin has much better leadership qualities than Obama but who doesnt know that?
I own the Trump organization
Because I would love to see a woman become president of the United States
But she would be so wrong
And even women say that
She would be so wrong
Look Hillary Clinton is a disaster
And even the story told by her husband last night he left out the most interesting chapter
I wont get into that.
"The chapter that I really waited for because it was pretty boring the chapter that I waited for I never heard
And he left it out
Look Hillary Clintons a disaster
Id love to see a woman become president and itll happen absolutely
But I think it would be bad for women if it were Hillary Clinton
But I have spoken to about many times and I speak about it all the time and the police have to be very careful they have to be very very well trained
I speak about it all the time in fact I mentioned the most recent death excuse me I mentioned the most recent deaths in Louisiana and in Minnesota
I speak about it all the time
Its a real problem because if the police do 100000 great jobs and they have one either a rogue policeman or a cop who was poorly trained or did a bad job you see that incident on television for weeks
"You dont see the good work that they do but if they make one mistake out of 100000 out of more than that its on television night after night after night
The police in this country do an amazing job but likewise I agree and I do mention that all the time
Oh go ahead go ahead
No but they seem to be if its Russians
Nobody knows if its Russia
You know the sad thing is? That with the technology and the genius we have in this country not in government unfortunately but with the genius we have in government we dont even know who took the Democratic National Committee e-mails
We dont even know who it is.
"I heard this morning one report said they dont think its Russia they think it might be China
Another report said it might be just a hacker some guy with a 200 I.Q
that cant get up in the morning OK? Nobody knows
Honestly they have no idea if its Russia
But if its any foreign country it shows how little respect they have for the United States
Well and the biggest thing is number one we have to stop by keeping people out because these people theyve got something bad going on up there
Thats something really bad going on
And then people in terms of Islam and radical Islamic terrorism a term that our president refuses to use I cant hes still not using it
Hes still not using it
And she doesnt want to use it other than I forced her into maybe using it
She said she will use it but so far she didnt.
"Shell probably use it tonight
Like the American flags as soon as we put out a thing they ran a couple of American flags up in the stage it was a disgrace
You had a room with a massive stage without flags
I think this—I think that the people in the community know whats going on
Whether its in a mosque or whether its in the community and they have to report these people
When you look at San Bernardino people knew—many people knew what was going on
They had bombs lying all over the floor
They had bombs on the floor
I mean this isnt—you walk into somebodys house there are bombs lying on the floor—I think theres a problem there
You got to report it.
And by the way David Hinckley should not have been freed OK? David Hinckley was just released—John Hinckley—I think that John Hinckley—excuse me John Hinckley should not have been freed
I just heard about it
Do you have any pause about asking a foreign government—Russia China anybody—to interfere to hack into the system of anybodys in this country...
Thats up to the President
Let the President talk to them
Katy heres the problem very simple
Well they probably have them
Id like to have them released.
Does that not give you pause? "
No it gives me no pause
If they have them they have them
We might as well—hey you know what gives me more pause? That a person in our government crooked Hillary Clinton—heres what gives me pause
I know you want to save her
That a person in our government Katy would delete or get rid of 33000 e- mails
That gives me a big problem
After she gets a subpoena! She gets subpoenaed and she gets rid of 33000 e-mails? That gives me a problem
Now if Russia or China or any other country has those e-mails I mean to be honest with you Id love to see them.
A question about Mike Pence because "The New York Times
conversation with John Kasichs campaign 
 says you can be the most powerful  ..
Thats the most ridiculous conversation
He never had the—Don Jr
told me—let me just tell you
Let me save you a lot of boredom.
Mike Pences role as vice president if you are elected?
Mike Pence will play a big role but I just want to tell you about John Kasich
I never spoke to him about being vice president
We dont have good chemistry together
I have never spoken to him about being vice president
I would never pick him to be vice president
There was never a conversation and he has a habit of doing things like this where he says things that may be a little bit shaky
would never—and that was so long ago I didnt even know I was going to get the nomination at that point
Just so you understand I would not have picked John Kasich wouldnt be the right guy
I mean for that to have gotten out that was so ridiculous
And then I was going to put him in charge of national and worldwide policy
So whats left for the president? I think you know me better than that
That was put out by him
Hes a nice man John Kasich hes fine
I would never have chosen him.
Now I did speak to various people and I actually got acceptances from many people
There are some people that called me that very much wanted to be vice president but I picked a man that I have a lot of respect for and Mike Pence is doing a great job
"Let me just explain—I never asked John Kasich to be vice president nor would I
And by the way Im leading in Ohio by three points.
Our government is so weak on this stuff
I mean I have a lot of checks and balance
I have a good system I guess
Im not an e- mail person myself
I dont believe in it because I think it can be hacked for one thing
But when I send an e-mail I mean if I send one I send one almost never
Im just not a believer in e-mail
A lot of people have taught me that including Hillary
But honestly it could be maybe its hacked
  broken the rules in traditional American politics many times
Yes but my message wasnt dark
My message was optimistic because were going to fix the problems
Youve broken that tradition youve run a very aggressive campaign this week
What was the basis for wanting to do it this way as opposed to staying quiet...
"Look John I didnt have to do this
When I did this believe me—you see this incredible resort
Its one of the great in the world
When I did this I could be here enjoying myself
I dont have to be with you guys
I have places that are the best in the world OK
I could be doing other things
Im doing this because were going to make America great again
Im doing this because when I looked at the Iran deal which was incompetent—when I looked at whats going on with jobs being torn out of our country and going to Mexico and China whats happening with China
And with all of this with ISIS with our military being so badly depleted where we have old fighter jets
We have to take parts from museums and from graveyards.
"When I look at all this I say I sort of have to do it
You know this countrys been great to me
"Now as far as running a campaign I guess its probably not typical
But they said that against you know when I ran there was 17 people a total of 17
Governors Senators Ben Carson whos a fantastic guy capable people
Everybody said oh he can never win because look what hes doing
Hes giving a talk to 5000 people in New Hampshire instead of going to everybodys house and having dinner.
And then I won New Hampshire
And then I won you know 38 or 39 states
And won by the way not by a little bit
Won with the highest vote in the history of the Republican Party
OK but John but the point is this so its a different kind of a campaign
But its what I think is good
I think its working here too.
But this aggressive counterprogramming the Democratic Convention is different than what weve seen in previous campaigns
And Im wondering why you felt the need to make sure that everything that was said was responded to immediately with personal appearances with campaign appearances while they were 
Well when Joe Biden says that I want to firebomb the enemy which was on television this morning or carpet bomb
He used the term carpet bomb
When he makes the statement that Donald Trump wants to carpet bomb I never said that
That was Ted Cruz that said that OK? That was Ted Cruz wasnt me.
"When Sanders and I think a lot of his people are going to come to me because of trade
But when Bernie Sanders makes a statement that I wanted to go lower than the minimum wage lower its a lie
So I have a choice
All my people say dont respond to it it doesnt matter
I say to me it does matter
"When people tell lies politicians who tell lies very well thats what they do thats why theyre politicians
But when politicians tell lies and Im lucky in a sense because I have a big microphone
In other words I can say that Biden lied when he said that
Or I can say that I didnt say that Bernie Sanders
And you guys know that I didnt
In fact he was criticized by people that fact check for saying it because I never said it.
So its nice to be able to President Obama said a year-and-a- half ago Donald Trump will never be president
Today on "The Today Show
he said this is democracy
Last night at the Democratic Convention   women and gay advocates made strong cases that you and the Republican Party are kind of on the wrong side of history regarding abortion rights and gay marriage
Can you clarify your position on those? "
Youll have to see it in the polls David
You know what my positions are
Youll have to see it at the polls.
David my positions are down
You ask the question every single time
I give you an answer
Didnt you hold a Miss Universe Pageant—?
say back in 2008 that there was Russian money pouring into the top organizations..
We wanted to yeah I dont know what he said
We wanted to; we were doing Miss Universe 4 or 5 years ago in Russia
It was a tremendous success
And there were developers in Russia that wanted to put a lot of money into developments in Russia
And they wanted us to do it
But it never worked out
"Frankly I didnt want to do it for a couple of different reasons
But we had a major developer particular but numerous developers that wanted to develop property in Moscow and other places
But we decided not to do it.
  President Obama has said that you would never win the presidency
Last night he said that anything is possible
What is your reaction to that? "
Well I just said sort of said that
He said it this morning anythings possible
I think Im going to win
I think people are sick and tired of incompetence
Theyre sick and tired of having politicians leading them down the tubes
Whether its taxes whether its debt whether its any one of 15 different things
I mean I think Ill win the election
I think youll see that in the polls.
All right a few more questions
I hope your arms OK.
Back in December sir you had said that you were probably going to be going to Israel to go and meet the leadership
Now that you are the Republican nominee it is a tradition once you secure the Partys nomination to do a trip...
Well its a tradition but I dont do things that are traditional
But I have great support from Israel
I will back Israel 100 percent
I would like to go there
But I have great relationships as you know to the people in Israel.
"And by the way Obama in my opinion is the single worst thing politically speaking thats ever happened to Israel
He has been a disaster for Israel.
I havent set my schedule yet
Has you or your campaign had any conversations with foreign leaders trying to build up a relationship should you win in November that you dont have to hit the ground running 
No I think we—its possible we have
But Im not—Im only interested in winning
Once I win Ill get along great with foreign leaders but they wont be taking advantage
I mean the problem we have with foreign leaders whether its China Russia or anybody they dont respect our leadership
And certainly in the case of China they take tremendous economic advantage of us—tremendous to a point that is hard to believe.
"Ill get along great with the leadership
"Yes maam in the back?
I would like to know if you became president would you recognize   Crimea as Russian territory? And also if the U.S
would lift sanctions that are  ? "
Well be looking at that
First a quick one on the minimum wage
You said we need to raise it to $10
Are you talking about the federal minimum wage? 
Would religion be a part of the  ? "
Im not making it a part
But at some point maybe people will change their minds but as of right now Im not making it a part.
I think President Obama has been the most ignorant president in our history
His views of the world as he says dont jive
And the world is a mess
You look at whats happening with the migration with Syria with Libya with Iraq with everything hes touched
He has been a disaster as a president
He will go down as one of the worst presidents in the history of our country
And I believe that Hillary Clinton will be even worse
just said that? Many polls show that you are winning? I cant believe it
Are you Katy Turek of NBC? Its a disguise.
He said he feels that you are   not prepared to be president
Can you   lay out for us and for him what you do on a daily basis? How does your  ? 
Well youve been asking me a lot of questions for a lot of times
Ive turned out to be right
I turned out to be right on NATO
After I said that on NATO NATO changed their whole program because of me.
"Excuse me Katy Hillary Clinton said yesterday shes going to start renegotiating trade deals
She never said that in her life
She said it yesterday only because of me
Im the one thats prepared
President Obama when he became president he didnt know anything
This guy didnt know a thing
And honestly today he knows less
"Hes done a terrible job
I think Im very prepared.
"Now with that being said Ive been a businessman all my life but Ive been watching it
And as you know Ive been very much involved in politics from the other side
I understand politics or I guess I wouldnt be here
I mean I beat a lot of very talented people.
I have great foreign advisers
And you have a list
And I gave you a list
And the other day as an example General Quinn and General Flynn and we have so many—we have so many
As an example I had a meeting three or four days ago and Im going to do a report on it with seven or eight very very talented advisers.
Now with all of that being said a lot of people want the people that are doing it now; people that have certain names
Look at the mess theyve gotten us into
They said "Have you spoken to so and so?
Well I said but he was in favor of the war in Iraq many years ago which I was not in favor of
"Have you spoken to this one or that one?
I said they were all—look at the job theyve done
So a lot of the people that you think are good because you know their name or because you see them on television I dont think are good
Because look at the end result
The end result is our country is a mess
The Middle East has never been worse
Had we done nothing with the Middle East; had our presidents with an "S
gone to the beach and relaxed wed be in better shape than we are right now
Youre about to get one.
Do you expect your opinion on   or your opinion on  
Well well have to see
I mean thats my opinion
I have a real problem when Hillary Clinton who gives open access to a phony server is allowed to get these briefings
How does Hillary Clinton get a national security briefing when shes been probably hacked when so much of her information the director of the FBI said it was essentially negligent
"Now why are they giving her briefings why are these people with great knowledge of the inner workings of our country and our security why are they giving Hillary Clinton briefings? Because its going to get revealed
I mean her number one person Huma Abedin is married to Anthony Weiner whos a sleazeball and a pervert
And Im not saying that I mean thats recorded history right?
"I dont like Huma going home at night and telling Anthony Weiner all of these secrets OK? So how can Hillary Clinton be briefed on this unbelievably delicate information when it was just proven that she lied and that her server shouldnt have had it and that theyre missing 33000 e-mails and thats just the beginning
So I dont think that I know at some point theyre going to be calling theyre going to want to brief me but Im not a talker about this stuff.
"I dont think that its safe to have Hillary Clinton in light of what just happened and in light of what we just found out I dont think its safe to have Hillary Clinton be briefed on national security because the word will get out.
Hes not going to run for mayor
Oh Don? Hes not going to run for mayor
Don has no attention of running for mayor
But he did a great job the other night with his speech
Because he made a good speech everyone says he should run for mayor
You know why? Because we have a Democratic mayor whos horrible hes doing a horrible job de Blasio
But Don is not going to run for—he has no interest in running for mayor.
Hillary Clinton because of me said that TPP is not going to happen
But we all know it is going to happen if she won
Terry McAuliffe said with a wink that if Hillary gets in shes lying and it will happen
And there is nobody closer I know this for a fact there is nobody including her own husband closer to Hillary Clinton than Terry McAuliffe OK? Go ahead.
Oh I dont know what he said Jon I really—Anthony Weiners—look look look—Anthony Weiner is a proven loser
I mean the poor guy hes locked up in a room
They lock him up in a room they dont let him out
I dont know what Anthony—my son doesnt want to run for mayor
He has no intention of running for mayor.
"And besides that as a Republican you have a very tiny sliver in Manhattan as you know and in that area
Its almost impossible for a Republican to win
So and my son likes to win but my son has no intention of running for mayor so lets just put that to bed
Yes Im looking at it
I actually want to find out what causes it
Its a problem in many areas OK? Yes go ahead.
Well they shouted—you know what was interesting
Yesterday I made a speech in front of the great veterans as you saw and it was very well received she was there the day before
And when I started talking about Hillary Clinton the veterans who saw her 24 hours before started screaming "Lock her up! Lock her up! Lock her up.
They also screamed that as you know during the speech I made
And I said "Dont do that.
Now I didnt do that for any reason
I really—I didnt like it
Not one reporter said that I said that
They all said—they started screaming "Lock her up! Lock her up.
I said "Dont do that.
Nobody reported that I said that because its dishonest reporting
You do agree I said that right? 
Well why didnt somebody report that?
Thats what I want to ask you about you said you...
No I think its—I think its a shame that they said it but a lot of people would say that should happen.
"OK one more question yes—yes maam go ahead.
Yes three weeks is a long time to wait for that   immigration
This is Doral it was built by..
And Doral—I think I have over 1000 Hispanics working at Doral and theyre doing a great job.
"Yes maam in the yellow go ahead
Hillary Clintons running mate speaks Spanish
No I dont think it has any impact
Hes been very bad—her running mate has been very very bad on employment
And all you have to do is go to Virginia and speak to the people of Virginia he has been so bad.
"I figured when she chose him he was very popular in Virginia
It has been very close races and his polling is very bad.
"So ladies and gentlemen thank you very much
I think its time for Hillary Clinton to do a news conference because its almost a year now and it would be interesting to see how she does.
Thank you all very much
  running for the president  ? 
Might as well tell him to have a good time
He has done one bad job


