This is a big interview for us
Twenty-two years weve been doing this and this is one of our big ones
I want to tell you—want to ask you about 12 questions tonight...
I hope we get through them all
Back in 2001 when we had 9/11 and you were a senator from New York there was a different spirit in this country including the Republican Party
You had a Republican president who went on the air and made it clear time and again this is not a battle between the West and the East
And he did it so effectively.
"And now we have the leading candidate for the Republican nomination for president basically declaring a war on Muslims saying theyre not allowed in the country the whole works
What do you make of this?
Well its deeply distressing to me because I as you know well remember what happened after 9/11
And I have publicly given President Bush a lot of credit for the way that he set the tone and his entire administration echoed that.
"And now we need to have a sense of unity and purpose in combatting terrorism
I view it as a threat
I believe ISIS cannot be contained
It has to be defeated
But in order to do that we need to work within our own country with Muslim Americans so that what Im hearing from the other side is not only offensive and shameful its dangerous counterproductive
And of course we have to work with countries around the world in order to have a unified coalition against terrorism.
"And Ive laid out very clearly what I think needs to be done and it does include an American-led air alliance and were doing that
And were supporting troops on the ground that are not Americans special forces but we do need to have the Kurds and the Arabs with special forces support but not American combat troops.
And we need to go after the arc of instability that fuels this terrorist ideology from North Africa to Pakistan Afghanistan and go after their funding and their foreign fighters and their very effective use of the Internet
"But then the third pillar of my approach is we have to be safe here at home
We have to work with our friends and allies around the world
And I know you just got back from Israel
We have a lot of important work to do with countries from one end of the globe to the other
And we need to do it in alliance with Muslims here in America and elsewhere
And thats what Im advocating.
Thats why Im concerned about the Republican Party because this ethnic way of going at this situation the way they seem to be going at the Muslim people rather than the terrorists—this started—remember when the man whose name we dare not speak anymore Donald Trump—I mean the fact is Trump started his sort of initiation in politics by saying the president of the United States was an illegal immigrant he was probably a Muslim he had a—he almost was an identity thief who created a notion of himself through a phony birth certificate a phony birth announcement and he was somehow—in fact he used to say things—Trump would say things like Nobody knew him in school like hes some phantom impersonator usurper.
The Republican Party every time he did that said nothing
Boehner the speaker of the House who was pretty much respected wouldnt—isnt this a Republican Party problem that started with Trumps first arrival on the world stage as some sort of politician that its ethnic with them? The president of the United States is one of the bad guys one of the—if not the terrorists one of the sneaker-in-ers who snuck into the country and assumed an identity
Well its very divisive and I think counterproductive
It undermines our values who we are as a people
We are a nation of immigrants which you know so well
And when I hear whats coming from the other side—and its not just one person
Theres an echo chamber there
And its very troubling to me to try to divide and conquer divide and conquer and you know a house divided against itself cannot stand.
"We need to be united
And we should not reward people who use inflammatory rhetoric who use the kind of derogatory comments whether its about Muslims or Mexicans or women or people with disabilities whoever it might be
That is not a sign of leadership
Thats a sign of you know showmanship of desperation that should be rejected roundly by the American people.
 By the way you know my grandmother spoke Irish when I grew up
I had an Irish accent in the house
 Yes?  Let me ask you about guns..
 I would have guessed that
Well lets talk about guns because youve shown a lot of guts out there
And we know all the politics of guns
You ran with your husband
You ran before for president.
There are states that have a real gun culture including the state I grew up in Pennsylvania
And you come from that part of the world in a way
And you do come from   Scranton..
 My father comes from right
So you know theres a gun culture
How do you deal with that in Electoral College situations where youve got to beat a Republican come next November hopefully for you? How do you—how do you make sure that the gun people dont emotionally say Oh shes an enemy of guns?
Well I think its important to be focused on what we can do together and thats why I do support comprehensive background checks and to close the gun show loophole and the on-line loophole and whats called the Charleston loophole...
and to prevent people who are on the no-fly list from getting guns
And in fact what I am proposing is supported by a great majority of the American people and a significant majority of gun owners
"Just today at Osage—you were here when I was speaking to the crowd—and then afterwards I always take time so people can come up to me
Sometimes I do it publicly a lot of times I do it privately whats on their minds.
"And a man came up
He had a veterans cap on
And he said you know Im a gun owner he said but I dont see any reason why we cant do more to keep guns out of the wrong hands.
 And he asked me What can I do? I said Well please stand up against the NRA and the gun lobby
And please talk to your friends because what we are proposing is consistent with constitutional rights
"But I agree with you Chris its going to be part of the—you know the political debate and frankly the battle in a lot of parts of our country going forward.
But it is so important when we lose 90 people a day 33000 Americans every year and when you have met as many victims of gun violence as I have when youve sat there and youve listened to their stories about losing a child losing a husband losing a parent—and Ive met with the mothers who have lost children to gun violence by police hands by you know more likely gun and gang—deadly combination
Ive just so many people from Columbine to Sandy Hook.
"I just cant remain silent
And I think we are at a turning point
And what I said to the man here is you know There needs to be a rival organization to the NRA of responsible gun owners who know that their hunting rights...
their collecting rights all of that is not going to be affected
So Im going to keep beating the drum and Im delighted that the president announced the actions he did today.
Well youre back in this fight.
 You know you were here eight years ago
 And I do wonder sometimes at you sometimes your ability—your..
  To use the word "stamina
that hasnt been used correctly lately
You know Im a student of history like you are and I remember Nixon back in 1950 ran against Helen Gehagen Douglas
And she was one of the first women liberal to go out there..
progressives to try to win a big seat
"And he used to—he said things like You know its awfully hard on a woman
 He used these little shots at her
 Here we are two thirds of a century later..
and the leading Republican candidate is out saying that you dont have the stamina the strength—is this sexism? Is it what it is?
Well you know I have a new years resolution...
  I will not respond to his you know..
 What does it say about the Republican..
 Well let me try to phrase it—I feel like a lawyer now
How do I rephrase?   "How does the Republican Party deal with the fact theyre voting for this guy that 35 percent of people are supporting him and even though hes making these charges which a lot of people would say are—why would he go after your stamina rather than Bills stamina or George McGoverns stamina or anybody elses except youre a woman?
 So why is he doing this?  Well why does he do whatever he does? I can only tell you what I hear from people and what I hear from people is really about their lives and their future
I mean lot of this back and forth that goes on..
We havent had a single caucus
We havent had a single primary
The Republicans will have to choose whoever they decide to be their nominee and Im looking forward if I am so fortunate to be the nominee to run against whoever they put up.
"Im just going to keep working really hard like right out there today you know getting people to caucus for me connecting them up with my great organizers
I have an amazing team here...
and were just going to work as hard as we can to make my case.
He aint going to stop
He did an interview with my colleague Joe Scarborough this morning
Its going to air tomorrow morning
Hes out there again saying hes going after your family
He said its fair to go after them.
Hes just going to keep doing it.
He says youre an enabler
Hes making it personal with you.
Well he can say whatever he wants to say
Im going to keep talking about what people talk to me about...
and what they talk to me about is What will you do about prescription drug prices? 
By the way youre good on that one
Well its unbelievable whats happening to people!
Everybodys taking drugs now and you need—if you have diabetes like me or somebody everybody needs it—if your parents died of Alzheimers—you talked about that out here.
 These are real things that people talk to me about
And Im going to be a president who does the big stuff that gets in the headlines that you know you and other analysts and reporters talk about and Im going to do the stuff that keeps people awake at night...
like you know making sure they can afford their prescription drugs
 I want to say something nice about you
Back when you had all the difficulty in the second administration of President Clinton your husband and you had a difficult situation you had to go through—and you went through it and I think you were completely stunned by it initially and then you had to deal with it as you became aware of what was going on.
"And what did you do? You didnt cry
You didnt go away and say Gee whiz this is terrible why am I going through this? What you did is you went out and you acted like a champion for Democrats
You went around the country campaigning like mad
You were the real banner carrier for the Democratic Party in 98.
Somehow out there campaigning in New York for Chuck Schumer and other people you said something to yourself
You said You know what? Something good can come out of this for me
I can become a hero to people
"And you ran for the Senate from New York when a lot of people were critics of you would have loved you to have fallen on your face
They would have eaten it up if youd gone down in a ditch up in New York and lost—because at the time you were running against Rudy...
And you had the guts to go out there
What made you do it? Because theres a lot of women watching right now
Half my viewers are women
And they want to hear whats it take for a woman to just rise out of a situation which is pretty bad and come out of it and say You know what? I can rise to this occasion
How did you do it?
Well you know thats a great question because I...
 Do you know the answer? 
I didnt have any sense that all of this would happen
 Well New York came and fell in love with you and said We like you
 Come up here live up here be our senator
 They did and Please run
And I said no no no
Yes and so many others
And I absolutely said no
And Ill tell you what changed my mind and it was maybe something that other women can relate to because I was in the news like Would she or wouldnt she and I kept saying Im not going to
And I was first lady going up to do an event in New York City to promote women in athletics and Billie Jean King and great athletes were there.
 And so I was introduced by this young woman
I think she was like the volleyball or basketball captain
And I came up and shook her hand and you know I said Great job
She leaned over to me and she said Dare to compete Mrs
You know I have encouraged so many women and girls to compete on the athletic fields in academics..
in politics in business and Im being asked to compete
 And stick your neck out
 And stick my neck out
And it is scary! It is
Its different than supporting your spouse isnt it.
?I mean I had the hardest time when I started saying I am me
Im happy to say you know my husband this or candidate X or Y but to stand up there and be the person out there...
And it is a big challenge
And I think because you know were coming into our own as women in all walks of life but still theres something a little bit daunting about...
holding yourself out asking people to support you to give you money to vote for you
 And you know who went through that? Another New York senator Bobby Kennedy
 I remember reading about that
 And then all of a sudden he had to be the guy and stuck his neck out
"Anyway were going to come back and talk about...
you because I—the way I look at politics—and you called me an analyst
And I look at this race for president 2016 which were now in and really that list is closing
And a guy at Georgetown a professor once said theres a difference between free will and free choice
Free choice means theres a limit number of choices
And it looks like theres a limited number of choices for the president of the United States coming in 2016 and youre one of them.
"Well be right back and talk about Hillary Clinton as the possibly the next—in fact the first-ever woman commander-in-chief of the United States.
Madam Secretary you may have a new title if this campaign is successful
You have to win the primary
You got to beat Bernie
You got to beat Martin OMalley
But if all that happens then you have to beat whoever on the Republican side you could be the first woman commander-in-chief.
"And this is all happening perhaps coincidentally or maybe culturally when Ashton Carter the secretary of defense has just made it clear now that all combat roles are open to women
This is something unique in our history
Now maybe every woman doesnt want these jobs.
 But these jobs are now open
You can go out there and be infantry
You can go out there you know with a knife in your teeth and you can go swinging on ropes into whatever valley you got to go kill people in
Women are going to be doing that just like in Israel where I just was
"Hows our country going to adapt to that? And is it important culturally for us to have women in this combat role?
I think its important to open up all roles to women but I also agree with Secretary Carter that you have to have standards
And women and men have to meet those standards because were talking literally life or death
 You mean like climbing ropes and things like that
And how much weight you can carry because maybe one of your you know fellow soldiers will need that one day
And so I am a huge supporter of women being able to break whatever glass ceilings are holding them back..
 If they can physically handle it
Theyve got to be able—and mentally.
You know it—physically mentally you have to be prepared
You have to be ready
And I think that youre right not every womans going to want to do that and some of the women who want to do it are not going to qualify.
But we just had a few women pass Ranger school which is an enormously..
It was just less than a handful but they proved they could do it
And from everything I know nobody cut any slack for them
And in fact after it was over they interviewed some of the you know male competitors..
to go through Ranger school and these guys said You know after a while I didnt even notice
I mean yes youre right she was a woman
Thats what you want because I think about the job that Im applying for and it really is a job interview that Im doing all over America.
And I feel ready to fulfill both roles
I think its important that the next president get the economy working for everybody so that we dont keep having the deck stacked for those on the top
Weve got to stay safe at home and strong in the world
And weve got to deal with these problems that keep people up at night I like to say.
 I feel particularly well prepared to do every part of the job
And when it comes to being commander-in-chief my eight years as a senator from New York after 9/11 my four years as secretary of state my many many hours in the Situation Room I know how hard these choices are
 You were there when Osama was killed
You know I was one of the very few people that was brought in to advise the president
 And it was the most..
 You said Go for it
I did you know after as I say sitting through hours of meetings listening to the intelligence being presented listening to Admiral McRaven who was then the head of special forces talk about you know what special forces could do looking at other options..
like a cruise missile or a Predator—armed predator and recommending to the president that we go with the Navy SEAL option and then being there that day watching part of the operation on a video screen in the Situation Room just holding my breath literally through the whole thing
I know how hard these choices are
And I know what a cool deliberative head needs to be finally making them
 I have learned so much Chris over the last years
 You have the—you know who said you had the temperament for it? Bill Clinton which I thought was interesting because he would know your temperament
 Let me ask about your sort of position on this
You voted for the Iraq War authorization if not the war
"Bernie Sanders is out there still hitting you on that one
Of course hes coming from the left on you
You have got Rand Paul out there who is a libertarian and a bit of a—I would say a bit of a dove saying that you would be more for regime change that you would start the next war.
Theyre positioning you as to the hawkish side of Obama.
 How—where would you—you read Fred Hiatt of "The Washington Post
position you as someone I thought a notch to the hawkish side because he said you were for a no-fly zone in Syria
You were for ground troops but not necessarily our troops but some..
 Because you need a ground component to tell the bombs where to—to tell them where to drop the bombs
 Does that make you more hawkish than the president?  Well I think most of what I have been advocating the president is now doing
 Well we have special forces on the ground
 But no-fly zone?  But the no-fly zone for me was an idea that I developed with some advisers
 Is it dangerous with the Russians flying around there?  Well of course you would have to have the Russians to sign off on it
 And we were making progress
"I dont know what the result will be of the conflict now between Saudi Arabia and Iran
But you know for the last four years we have been pushing to try to get a peace conference going.
"And I give Secretary Kerry credit for getting everybody agreeing to be in the same room
I saw the no-fly zone as leverage
Number one if we could get the Russians on board because we would have to—and I think we could if we were to say look we need safe zones
If were going to be operating on the ground advising the Kurds the Arabs we need safe zones.
"We also need safe places for civilians so that theyre not refugees leaving Iraq and Syria
And it can be done
It can be done in a way that doesnt create more problems.
"But now Im—Im very supportive of what the presidents doing
And I have been calling for that calling for reconstituting the approach toward the sheiks the Sunni sheiks in Anbar Province getting them back into the fight so to speak.
We need the Sunnis to retake their land because the Shia cant do it.
 We need the—well the still largely Shia Iraqi army took Ramadi but with Sunni troops
They have to turn it over to Sunnis
 And then turn it over
 This makes all the sense in the world to me
"So I view myself as being a realist being practical and in accordance with our values because I think its very important that we get back to promoting our values and pursuing our interests and protecting our security.
"If the United States doesnt do that on our own behalf or on behalf of our friends in Europe and Asia and the Middle East no one will
So this is not a choice
Were running out of time.
I want to try to help you for this audience tonight our audience locate yourself politically in this country
  Now we have Trump out there and we have Bernie out here
"Now Bernie calls himself a socialist
Nobody uses a derogatory term anymore
Its—he loves to have that label
Hes never ran as a Democrat
He runs against Democrats up there in Vermont.
I would say youre a pretty typical Democrat in the tradition of the Democratic Party and Humphrey the rest of them Scoop—not even Scoop
"Whats the difference between a socialist and a Democrat?
 Is that a question you want to answer or would you rather not?    Well you would have to ask..
Well see Im asking you
Would you like somebody to call you a socialist? I wouldnt like somebody calling me a socialist.
Well but Im not one
Well whats the difference between a socialist and a Democrat? Last question.
 Well I can tell you what I am
I am a progressive Democrat
I am a progressive Democrat..
 How is that different than a socialist? 
who likes to get things done and who believes that were better off in this country when were trying to solve problems together getting people to work together.
"There will always be strong feelings and I respect that from you know the far right the far left libertarians whatever—whoever it might be
We need to get people working together
We have got to get the economy fixed
We have got to get all of our problems you know really tackled
And thats what I want to do.
"Yes I think the difference is—and Debbie Wasserman Schultz wouldnt answer the question either I asked her because I know politically you have to keep together
The center-left and the left has to work together
Let me ask you about working together
You gave a nice speech here today in Osage about the need to work—I wrote a book about Tip and Reagan
When it comes to an urgent issue they can find a solution
 Obama—I have always supported the president on his philosophy on his general approach to a lot of things
"But he doesnt seem to like the company of fellow politicians
He doesnt want to hang out with them play cards with them at midnight
Maybe he did it in Springfield
For some reason he doesnt want to do it in Washington.
You seem to like the company of people like Lindsey Graham and John McCain
And you can find a way go on CODELs with them and getting along with them
And it seems to me that is an important part of life that you have to find—you were talking about Tom DeLay here
And I get along with Tom DeLay
Even though you disagree 180 on something you have got to find—Congress means coming together
Well your book is a perfect example of..
And look there may be..
 You read it?  I did
I dont—I dont want you to know that but I did.
But you have just told me that
Youre throwing me an encomium here
  No because I—because I am always looking for ways that we work together
 And it used to be easier in the past
 I think that the polarization has gotten so acute now and so you have to work even harder
But relationships are the beginning of everything
So you could imagine if youre fortunate to become the next president of the United States having people over to the White House not going to the Jefferson Hotel for an hour-and-a-half but actually having people come over and talk it over?
By the way youre an empty nester so its easier for you.
And look everybody has strengths that they bring to this position
 Is schmoozing one of yours?  Well I think that I like it because I am looking for that common ground somewhere
And I dont think that you get it just on the first try.
 You have got to listen to people
You got to get to know people
You got to look for ways that you can reach across the aisle
Im not saying its going to be magic because part of whats happened—and it is different from when Tip ONeill and President Reagan were working together—it is so much more gerrymandered
Its so much more influenced...
You dont have any Republicans in a Democratic district.
You dont have any Democrats in a Republican district.
And so people dont feel like they have to make deals.
I have been telling people for years that when theyre with you personally youre very different and youre very easy to talk to
 I think watching you the last 20 minutes they get the point
 I think this has been a great interview
And I appreciate you for coming on and giving us the time
 Thank you very much Chris


