"In response to Donald Trumps repeated claim that Hillary Clinton does not look presidential HFA Deputy Communications Director Christina Reynolds offered the following statement:
"This isnt the first time Donald Trump has had a problem looking at someone different from himself and actually seeing them
He questioned whether a distinguished judge could do his job because of his Mexican heritage
He looked at a mourning Gold Star mother and he made assumptions about her silence in grief
He looked at an accomplished anchor and suggested she was a "bimbo.
And he looked at a sitting president and said he wasnt American
So its not surprising that Donald Trump doesnt think Hillary Clinton looks presidential
This cycle voters know all too well whats not presidential: Donald Trump and his narrow views and divisive rhetoric.
TRUMP: Do you know that these people went to every attorney general practically in the country that they could and did you know this case was turned down by almost every attorney general from Texas to Florida to many other states? "TAPPER: Is it not – when Hillary Clinton says this is a racist attack and you reject that – if youre saying he cant do his job because of his race is that not the definition of racism?
I dont think so at all.
Hes proud of his heritage
I respect him for that.
"TAPPER: But youre saying you cant do his job because of that.
"TRUMP: Look hes proud of his heritage OK? Im building a wall
Now I think Im going to do very well with Hispanics
"TAPPER: Hes a legal citizen – TRUMP: Do you know why Im going to do well with Hispanics? Because Im going to bring back jobs and they are going to get jobs right now
They are going to get jobs
I think Im going to do very well with Hispanics
But we are building a wall
Were building a wall between here and Mexico
The answer is he is giving us very unfair rulings rulings that people cant even believe
This case should have ended years ago in summary judgment
The best lawyers I have spoken to so many lawyers they said this is not a case
This is a case that should have ended
xa0Fusionxa0 xa0"every time that Trumpxa0 .
Trump belittled the parents of a slain Muslim soldier who had strongly denounced Mr
Trump during the Democratic National Conventionxa0saying that the soldiers father had delivered the entire speech because his mother was not allowed to speak…But he added If you look at his wife she was standing there she had nothing to say she probably — maybe she wasnt allowed to have anything to say you tell me.
New York Timesxa0 ; This Week ABCxa0  @realDonaldTrump Twitterxa0  xa0 andxa0 
xa0"Donald Trump says hes still not convinced President Obama was born in America but that hes not interested in rehashing the issue
I really dont know the 2016 Republican presidential candidate told CNN when asked onxa0Thursday
I dont know why he wouldnt release his records.
The Hillxa0 xa0"Trump has been an outspoken critic of President Obama and was perhaps the most prominent voice of the birther movement which asserted erroneously that Obama was not a natural-born U.S
citizen.xa0On Monday he took a shot at the newest entrant to the 2016 Republican field Jeb Bush tweeting: Do we really need another Bush in the White House — we have had enough of them
If theres one thing Trump brings to the 2016 campaign its confidence
Im the most successful person ever to run for the presidency by far he told The Des Moines Register in a recent interview.
USA Todayxa0  "I just dont think she has a presidential look
And you need a presidential look
You have to get the job done
ABCxa0  xa0"CLEVELAND – TRUMP on Clinton: "Does she look presidential fellas? Give me a break."
Kevin Cirilli Twitterxa0  xa0TRUMP: "Beyond that shes pledged to add another executive amnesty in violation of both congressional law and the United States constitution
These actions from Hillary Clinton will trigger a crises greater than almost anything weve seen
This will be a constitutional crisis like we havent seen in our country
In effect shes pledging to abolish the law making powers of congress and assume the powers of an imperial leader
Shes not an imperial leader is she? I dont think so
She doesnt even look Presidential to me
Roast N Ride Des Moines IA 8/27/16 xa0TRUMP: "These people are not like Oh gee I think Hillary is so great
You see her walk onto the state she looks presidential
I think I look presidential to be honest with you
Honestly who do you think China would be more concerned in a negotiation with? Trump or Hillary?
Trump Campaign Rally Fort Lauderdale FL 8/10/16 TRUMP: "Now you tell me she looks presidential folks
You tell me you tell me she looks Presidential
They are just watching and theyre looking and boy theyre salivating theyre salivating theyre saying thats what we want oh thats what we want
You know what she did and the lies that she told over and over again and her single greatest achievement because everything shes touched has turned bad.
Trump Campaign Rally Windham NH 8/6/16 @realDonaldTrump Twitterxa0  


