Today is one of the most important days of this campaign
Check back here throughout the day for the latest from Super Tuesday including real-time updates from the trail photos voting information—and of course results
Scroll to the bottom to read from the beginning.?     Hillary won Massachusetts!   Hillary Clinton just delivered remarks in Miami
  The stars at night ..
n   Polls are now closed in Texas and the Colorado caucuses have begun
n   Minnesota: If you were at your caucus location by 8:00 p.m
you are eligible to caucus
If you were in the line of cars tell them that you were waiting in line in your car! n   Update: Hillary Clinton is about to take the stage in Miami
n   As the results come in show Hillary you have her back
  "The results are in from Arkansas—and Hillary couldnt be prouder.
  Polls are closed in Arkansas
n   More results!   "Polls are now closed in Alabama Massachusetts Oklahoma and Tennessee—and the Minnesota caucuses have begun
Well keep you posted as the results come in!
n   Meanwhile back at HQ ..
The staff is hard at work coordinating with teams on the ground in Super Tuesday states
If you have any questions about voting or caucusing the Hillary for America crew is standing by to answer them! Call 844-IM4-HILL (844-464-4455)   Results are starting to come in!   Polls are now closed in Georgia Vermont and Virginia
Stay tuned for results! n   Our favorite Super Tuesday selfies so far n n   A little inspiration from on the ground
At field offices across the country volunteers are making last-minute calls to Hillary supporters in Super Tuesday states
(  to help make calls from wherever you are!) Kevin from Georgia is one of them
He recently wrote Hillary a  
about his new baby his hopes and dreams for his family and why hes counting on her to win
And today hes doing everything he can to help her do it.
  President Clinton is on the trail in Massachusetts   Want to help Hillary Clinton win today? Time to hop on the phone
"Todays a HUGE day for our campaign—Super Tuesday wins will go a long way toward helping Hillary Clinton secure the nomination.
"With 800+ delegates on the line weve got to do everything we can to get Hillary supporters out there to make their voices heard.
Even in a digital world the most effective way to make sure our supporters turn out (besides knocking on their doors) is by calling them on the phone—old-school style
"Can you make a few calls for Hillary today? Well be calling into 11 of the states holding contests—Alabama Arkansas Colorado Georgia Massachusetts Minnesota Oklahoma Tennessee Texas Vermont and Virginia.
"You dont even need a phone—you just need to 
"And dont worry if youve never done this before—well walk you through everything you need.
  Delegates 101: Why Super Tuesday is so super Democrats are voting or caucusing today in 12 contests—11 states plus the territory of American Samoa
"Across these contests there are more than 800 delegates up for grabs—more than on any other day single day in the presidential primary
For comparisons sake there were 156 delegates at stake in Iowa New Hampshire Nevada and South Carolina 
.? "Democratic delegates will represent the party at its national convention this summer
When primary voters and caucus-goers go to the polls theyre actually choosing which candidate to pledge delegates to—and the candidate with the majority of delegates at the convention will become the Democratic presidential nominee.
"There are 4051 pledged delegates up for grabs in this years Democratic primary—with a specific number awarded in every caucus and primary
Delegates in Democratic caucuses and primaries are awarded based on how much support each candidate receives.
Right now—after the first four contests—Hillary Clinton is winning the pledged delegate count with 91 delegates
Senator Bernie Sanders has 65
"At the end of Super Tuesday about a quarter of pledged delegates will have been awarded
Heres the breakdown of the delegates at stake today:
  The polls are open! Polls are now open in every state that votes today (not every state votes though—there are also several caucuses)
If you live in ..
"? then its time for you to get out and vote—and bring a friend with you! If you still need to find your polling location 
!   Welcome to Super Tuesday! More than 800 delegates are at stake in the Democratic primary in more than 12 contests—and this is your handy guide to all the latest as it happens
Hillary and President Clinton are both on the trail people across the country are phone-banking and canvassing and organizers are ready to go!? 


