"After spending his entire career — and this entire campaign — demeaning women and dismissing the need to support working families Donald Trump released a regressive and insufficient maternity leave policy that is out-of-touch half-baked and ignores the way Americans live and work today
Instead of asking those at the top to pay their fair share hes robbing Peter to pay Paul by raiding unemployment insurance funds and giving the most to the wealthy while providing far less relief to middle-class and working families
The lack of seriousness of this proposal is no surprise given his history of disrespecting women in the workplace and the fact theres no evidence he ever provided paid family leave or childcare to his own employees
Meanwhile Hillary Clinton — who has a lifelong record of fighting for women and families — has a comprehensive plan that will support 21st century families.
 "The Trump plan will guarantee six weeks of paid maternity leave by amending the existing unemployment insurance (UI) that companies are required to carry
The benefit would apply only when employers dont offer paid maternity leave and would be paid for by offsetting reductions in the program so that taxes are not raised.
 "The Trump plan will rewrite the tax code to allow working parents to deduct from their income taxes child care expenses for up to four children and elderly dependents…Individuals who have no tax liability…will claim an expanded Earned Income Tax Credit equivalent to half of their payroll tax contribution.
 "The Trump plan would create new Dependent Care Savings Accounts (DCSAs) so that families can set aside extra money to foster their childrens development and offset elder care for their parents or adult dependents
These new accounts are available to everyone and allow both tax-deductible contributions and tax-free appreciation year-to-year.
 "The Daily Beast reached out to the Trump presidential campaign the Trump Organization and Ivanka Trump to ask about the family leave policy at the Trump Organization
A representative from Ivanka Trumps brand replied quickly to say that employees of the former models small fashion and lifestyle shop were provided with eight weeks of paid leave… In addition since we have flexible working hours with a focus on results rather than face time we are supportive of all working moms who some days may need or choose to work from home she said
My colleague Melissa ccd can advise on Trump Org
After three follow-up emails Melissa from the Trump Organization wrote back: We will have no further comment.
Daily Beastxa0   "As an alternative to the tight-lipped corporate communications department The Daily Beast reached out to over 100 former employees to ask about the companys family-leave policy…Of the nine ex-employees who were willing to speak only one was able to recall any maternity leave—in this instance it was apparently unpaid leave—being offered at the company although none of them could say conclusively that no such leave was offered.
Daily Beastxa0   "Donald Trump doesnt understand why so few companies provide affordable in-house child care for their employees like he does at some of his companies
Its not expensive for a company to do it Trump said during a town hall at a community college in this small townxa0on Thursdayxa0afternoon
You need one person or two people and you need some blocks and you need some swings and some toys
You know surely its not expensive
Its not an expensive thing
I do it all over and I get great people because of it..
Its something that can be done I think very easily by a company.
Washington Postxa0   "But the two programs Trump cited — Trump Kids and Trumpeteers — are programs catering to patrons of Trumps hotels and golf club
They are not for Trumps employees according to staff at Trumps hotels and clubs across the country.
Associated Pressxa0   "Do you actually change diapers? host Anthony Cumia asked Donald Trump on the Opie and Anthony show in November of 2005
The then-59-year-old businessman whose wife Melania was pregnant with his fifth child and her first responded bluntly: No I dont do that.… If I had a different type of wife Trump said laughing I probably wouldnt have a baby ya know cause thats not my thing
Im really like a great father but certain things you do and certain things you dont
Its just not for me.
BuzzFeed ; Opie And Anthony Show 11/06  "Theres a lot of women out there that demand that the husband act like the wife and you know theres a lot of husbands that listen to that Trump added.
BuzzFeed ; Opie And Anthony Show 11/06  "Cause I like kids said Trump
I mean I wont do anything to take care of them
Ill supply funds and shell take care of the kids
Its not like Im gonna be walking the kids down Central Park.
Buzzfeedxa0 ; Howard Stern Show 4/05  BRZEZINKI: "So are we at the point where women employees who are mothers arent as valuable because we have kids and we balance other things? Or does having children actually increase our value?
TRUMP: "I think the most important thing is the children and frankly caring for them means taking time away and an employer could say shes not giving one hundred percent shes giving me eighty-four percent and sixteen percent is going towards taking care of children
So maybe you can also understand the employers point of view.
Mika Brzezinski Knowing Your Value: Women Money And Getting What Youre Worth p
161 2011; Huffington Postxa0   "In an October 2004 interview with NBCs Dateline Trump said pregnancy is a wonderful thing for the woman its a wonderful thing for the husband its certainly an inconvenience for a business
And whether people want to say that or not the fact is it is an inconvenience for a person that is running a business.
NBC Newsxa0   "Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump once called a lawyer who requested a break from a 2011 deposition to pump breast milk disgusting before ending his testimony and leaving the room
He got up his face got red he shook his finger at me and he screamed Youre disgusting youre disgusting and he ran out of there Beck told CNNs Alisyn Camerotaxa0on Wednesdayxa0morning calling it an absolute meltdown.
CNNxa0   "When Trump was asked about child care late last year by a member of the womens policy organization Make It Work he mocked the questioner: Its a big subject darling he said
She wants to know my thoughts on child care
Come on well talk for about 10 hours.
Voxxa0 ; Press Availability Council Bluffs IA 12/16/15 


